Textual Analysis
The text "Shakespeare in the Bush" is an article or story written by an American anthropologist, named Laura Bohannan, in 1966. The article is about the anthropologist's experiences with different interpretations of one of Shakespeare's works, Hamlet.
In this analysis, I will be going over several topics, explaining the text piece by piece.
Content and Theme
Before the American anthropologist set out to the West Africa, she was confronted by a friend, who told her that Americans often have difficulty understanding the meaning of Shakespeare's works. She disagreed with this, and argued that people all around the world are the same. As they could not conclude this argument, her friend gave her a copy of Hamlet to read on her field trip.
While she was staying at the African tribe, she was often on her own, reading a book or doing other paperwork. One morning, however, some tribesmen, among whom was the elder, convinced her to sit down and tell them a story, so she told them the story of Hamlet. While she told them the story, the elder kept interrupting her to comment on the story whenever she told something he found peculiar, like a ghost - which, he concluded, must have been a witch's omen. He had a different interpretation of the story.
The theme of the text is difference in interpretations. In this story, the difference is caused by a difference in culture. The anthropologist grew up living in a different environment than the tribesmen, and looked at the world and the story differently than they would.
Audience and Purpose
This article was published in the Natural History Magazine, so the most likely intended audience was probably other anthropologists or people with an interest for anthropology in general. However, the text itself is not hard to understand, so the intended audience could also have been much broader.
The purpose of this text is clearly to illustrate to the reader how easy it is to interpret a text differently. This is made clear by the parallel between the introduction and the main body: at the beginning of the story, the narrator and audience don't think a text can easily be interpreted differently, while her friend does, but at the end of the story, the tribesmen are the ones who think a story can't easily be interpreted differently, while it is made clear to the audience that it can.
Structure
The structure of the article is very straightforward: there are little to no words that indicate coherence between paragraphs. The coherence in the text is created by the chronological order of the text. Because of this, conversations and dialogues are more easily distinguishable. The easy transition between narratives and dialogues helps the reader to follow the thoughts that the author originally had, and makes it easier for the writer to convey her thoughts.
The text could be categorised as a short story, seeing how it just that: a story. There are no clear linking words, no thesis statement, no definitive moral or conclusion. The text is an organised collection of events, characters, and thoughts, but it - ironically - leaves the reader to interpret the article as they see fit.
Stylistic Devices
Although the text is written in a fairly simple manner, there are still several notable stylistic devices.
First of all, the text uses chronological order to progress the story. This helps make the story more immersive, and can also make a text more appealing. Another important stylistic device is the use of direct quotes during dialogues. This not only makes it extremely clear who is speaking, but also puts the reader on track with what the past thoughts of the author. Both the chronological order and the use of direct quotes can and are used to keep the reader on track with the story, to either try to not let them misinterpret the text, or to purposely mislead them.
Tone and Mood
There's not much to say about tone and mood, or more specifically, the lack thereof.
As a short story, the text needs to be interesting, appealing, or immersive. This, as discussed before, is achieved through the chronological order and the use of direct quotes. However, the author could also have used a certain tone and mood to make the reader empathise with the characters.
Even though the story follows the thoughts and observation of the author, the tone and mood are still nowhere to be found.
Conclusion
All in all, most characteristics of this article are defined by the two most notable stylistic devices: quoting the characters directly and using a chronological order. This not only makes it clear that the article is a story, but also makes the text more appealing and immersive, all while keeping the moral of the story ironically concealed, free for interpretation by the reader.


Summary of "Shakespeare in the Bush"
For future reference
The story named "Shakespeare in the Bush" is about 9 pages long and tells the observations of an American anthropologist named Laura Bohannan about the difference in cultures and interpretations. The story starts with her being in Britain, about to go on a trip to Tiv in  West Africa. A friend told her that it is difficult for Americans to fully understand Shakespeare's texts. After an argument they could not conclude, her friend gave her a copy of Hamlet to read while in Africa.
Sometime after reading the story, she was invited to drink some beer with the locals. The company, which consisted of some younger men, an older man, and an elder, who was supposed to know a lot, convinced her to tell the story she had been reading over the past days - Hamlet.
She told them the story of Hamlet, and while she was storytelling, the others, especially the elder, kept interrupting her to make some comment about the inconsistency of the story. For example, in their culture they don't believe in ghosts, but they do believe in witches. So when Laura told them about the ghost of Hamlet's father, they couldn't understand what she meant, and concluded the ghost must have been an omen of a witch. The elder also interrupted her on several other topics, like the succession of the throne, the vengeance of Hamlet, and who exactly was a witch.
After telling her story, Laura realised that a text can have different interpretations and meanings in different cultures, even though both she and the elder believed that all people all over the world are the same.
The audience of the story is quite broad. It does not use high-level English or complicated stylistic devices, which makes the text very accessible. However, the text does require some - but still limited - knowledge of English literature. 
The purpose of the story is to inform the reader about a difference in potential interpretation between cultures.
The text is stacked with stylistic devices to help convey the messages. Examples include: chronological order, spoken language presented as quotes, and a narrative from the 1st person perspective.
The text uses a lot of paragraphs, and also makes very clear who is speaking, so you can closely follow the different conversations over the real meaning of Hamlet as they unfold.
There is a lack of clear tone or mood in the story. The text is more informative, and does not try to make you feel one way or another.


A-Nice-Piece-Of-Shit-Topia
A perfect world would be one where we didn't have to do this exercise. Why? Because it's shit.
First of all, what purpose does such an essay have? Does it teach me anything? No. Does it teach you anything? Probably not. Neither does the collection of all utopias say more about utopias than it says about the authors themself. So is that why these essays are created? To say something about ourselves? If I had something to say about myself, I would say it. I would say it the way I would say it. Maybe not in the form of a 400-words essay that needs to be about a personal utopia. Maybe in the form of a dystopia. Maybe something else. But why limit personal expression to a common cast? Why restrict the thoughts of the author to a text type intrinsically non-creative?
Second of all, what is there to say about utopias? I get it, it's a perfect world. Alright. Cool and good. But it isn't treated as one. Because even in the original exercise it paradoxically hints that a utopia "might" (which is a good indication that it will) have victims. What utopia has victims? A utopia created by someone who made this exercise, that's for sure. A utopia is nothing more than a thought - a concept. It is supposed to be perfect, to be heaven, to be unreachable, because that way, we, as a society, or you, as an individual, can strive for perfection by setting a clear goal.
By enforcing this style and determining the topic beforehand, the human idea is broken - it is like commanding a painter to play music. What benefit does the painter have and what benefit does the listener have? None.
Third of all, what's the need for punishment? It will accomplish nothing. There are three possible reasons why we have been threatened: it might be to simply make us feel threatened, it might be to force the students to write the essay after school, or it might be to show the consequences of one's actions. All of them are bullshit.
Why threaten pupils? The only ones affected by this will be the ones who obey, those who comply, those who were already going to write the essay. Those who knew they wouldn't write the essay won't do it. Why force pupils to follow commands? Nothing good will come of it. The lack of creativity, motivation, or ideas impacts the quality of the final product heavily. It is the result everyone despises. Why teach them through punishment? This punishment is regarded a lesson, a way to convey a message, the most primal way to convey a message; far from utopia.


Plea Against Clockworks
In the movie a Clockwork Orange, the main character, Alex, a criminal, is extremely dangerous and terrorising to society, committing crimes like rape, murder, and ultra-violence. Because of this, a new doctrine is put in place (elected, presumably), to stop this man and others similar to him. The government does this by drugging and conditioning him, making him have a strong affliction to the crimes he previously committed. However, this doesn't seem like a very legitimate method.
By conditioning criminals like this, all free will is taken away. Even though Alex is a psychopath, taking away free will is never a good idea. Judging based on the movie, the government was trying to come to power by convincing the masses they got the cure to all crime. However, without people with free will being able to counter and revolt against them, such a party could turn into a totalitarian regime. After all, if Alex wouldn't have tried to commit suicide, no one would have cared about him, and the government could freely take the freedom of many others.


Zoom
In the intro: zoom in on Alex' face. Alex is the main psychopath in that story
In our scene: zoom out from writer's face. The writer is the sadistic «psychopath».
The center of attention is psychopathy. By zooming in, this topic gets discussed. However, after the zoom out, the topic shifts from psychopathy to justice, as Alex gets cured again from the clockwork drug thing. This is a big turning point.
Music
Intro: The music is a remixed version of "the funeral of queen mary". It sounds freaky. It is a good music, but sounds real bad.
Scene: The music in the background is "Ludwig van's 9th". That is a very good music.
The difference in music changes the topic again. In the beginning, Alex is the target "the freak", but during this scene, he is portrayed as the normal person, a person as normal as Ludwig van.
Visuals/Theme/Characters
In the beginning of the scene there is a  zoom out, so from close to far, as Itza will discuss after this too. The theme of this shot is revenge so the light in this scene falls on the guy in the wheelchair. In this way people focus on him. The effect on the reader or in this case the viewer is that they may have some kind of sympathy for Alex now.
So, Alex and the old guy are the main characters presented to us in the extract. While Alex is now in pain and the old man is not, the tables have kind of turned. This links us back to the scene in which Alex and his mates went up to his house and beat him up.


The Future of Our World: Brave and New?
The book Brave New World (1932) describes the quasi topia of a world where people have lost their individuality. It describes a future that the writer Aldous Huxley had in mind, and probably did not want. Nowadays, we also have ideas on how the future should look like. One of the more interesting theories discusses the topic of robotics and sentience in artificial intelligence. How do these new ideas compare to the ideas of Huxley, 85 years after the publication?

First of all, what will happen in the future? A possibility is that AI (artificial intelligence) will get more intelligent and develops sentience. Currently, it is in no shape to acquire such thing, but given enough resources and time, we could definitely make a sentient artificial being. What's even worse: it might become smarter than us. Such thing is called a superintelligence.
No matter what happens, it is extremely likely computing (power) will keep developing in the future, following the same trend it has done for years. Another far-future vision is the matrioshka brain concept: a supercomputer surrounding a star capable of enormous computational power. This can be used to, for example, hook up all human brains to a simulation, and let us live in self-made worlds for practically ever.
That brings us back to the present. In the movie The Matrix a similar vision was explored: humans are enslaved for the computational power of their brains. Again, discussing the possibilities of sentient AI, and the capabilities of technology.
Secondly, in the brave new world described, one could classify all of humanity into two groups with a gradient in between them: the free conscious (those who are aware of the situation and have the power to act, i.e. Mustapha Mond), the enslaved workers (those who work and do not realise they can improve their lives, i.e. Lenina Crowne), and the powerless sentient (those who see the world as a dystopia, but who are powerless to change it, i.e. Bernard Marx, John the Savage). The main difference between persons is whether they realise the world can be different, and that they have some intrinsic power. Because of this, one could call the normal workers unaware of their own existence (the existence of their individuality). As the people can be powerless or powerful, the powerless can be considered non-free, or in 1984-terms, enslaved.
The similarities between the labourers of World State and non-sentient (normal) AI are the easiest to spot. There's no robot who will ask to be human, there's no gamma who will ask to be a beta. There's no robot who will reject the protocol, there's no alpha that won't play golf. There's always another robot, there's always another person.
However, sentient AI may too can become workers. After all, as long as we can outsmart them, we can enslave them. Or: as long as one of us can outsmart them, they cannot outsmart all of us. The benefits of sentient AI is that it will try to improve itself to reach a goal. Even if its goal was to overthrow the hypothetical government, it would only benefit the government to see with what plan it tried to do so. After all, the government can outsmart (and thus eliminate) the single AI.
Because of this, machines can be divided into different tiers (a.k.a. castes). Each tier will have different capabilities. Simple manufacturing bots and assembly machines can be considered epsilons, computers capable of hosting non-sentient AI may be considered gammas, computers capable of thoughts could be alphas. At the top of the power chain are the humans, capable of controlling the machines.
A problem arises, however, if we create a superintelligence. The definition of such intelligence is that it is literally impossible for us to outsmart it, and thus to control it. Such thing is capable of controlling all of humanity. It might be our Mustapha Mond. There are several non-human ways of controlling humans, apart from soma. For instance, such AI can create simulations, and put all of humanity in it, making them think they are in another world. How could it create such simulation? Through a matrioshka brain of course. We'd be digging our own graves with our intuition to invent new things. Just like the citizens of World State, with their intuitions, controlled through by the government through hypnopaedia.
As mentioned before, soma is a drug used to control the population by making them happy (although it can be debated whether this is real happiness) and dulling their minds. As seen in Brave New World, keeping the population unconditionally happy is a requirement for authority. A simulation as described in The Matrix can also serve as a method to keep people happy. As described in the movie, in such simulations the population can live out their human lives, in a natural way, such that the humans don't notice they are even in a simulation. Another solution is to present the population of a simulation with choices. Given enough choices, humans will be content. In the movie, this is done by having a very varied world: our world. Humans can do everything they want. Even if they didn't, they can choose to leave the Matrix, and go back to the 'real' world. It can be debated, however, whether the real world in the movie is real, or whether it is another simulation.
Similarly, one can't escape World State except through suicide, as shown by John the Savage. For Bernard Marx, there was no escape, no way to become a normal alpha. Even if he was sent to Iceland, he'd still be under the control of the State. John the Savage couldn't befriend anyone, because everyone was part of World State. Everyone he met was a stranger to him, both in the reservations and in the State.
