a squat grey building of only thirty-four stories. over the main entrance the words, central london hatchery and conditioning centre, and, in a shield, the world state's motto, community, identity, stability.
the enormous room on the ground floor faced towards the north. cold for all the summer beyond the panes, for all the tropical heat of the room itself, a harsh thin light glared through the windows, hungrily seeking some draped lay figure, some pallid shape of academic goose-flesh, but finding only the glass and nickel and bleakly shining porcelain of a laboratory. wintriness responded to wintriness. the overalls of the workers were white, their hands gloved with a pale corpse-coloured rubber. the light was frozen, dead, a ghost. only from the yellow barrels of the microscopes did it borrow a certain rich and living substance, lying along the polished tubes like butter, streak after luscious streak in long recession down the work tables.
"and this," said the director opening the door, "is the fertilizing room."
bent over their instruments, three hundred fertilizers were plunged, as the director of hatcheries and conditioning entered the room, in the scarcely breathing silence, the absent-minded, soliloquizing hum or whistle, of absorbed concentration. a troop of newly arrived students, very young, pink and callow, followed nervously, rather abjectly, at the director's heels. each of them carried a notebook, in which, whenever the great man spoke, he desperately scribbled. straight from the horse's mouth. it was a rare privilege. the d. h. c. for central london always made a point of personally conducting his new students round the various departments.
"just to give you a general idea," he would explain to them. for of course some sort of general idea they must have, if they were to do their work intelligently-though as little of one, if they were to be good and happy members of society, as possible. for particulars, as every one knows, make for virtue and happiness; generalities are intellectually necessary evils. not philosophers but fret-sawyers and stamp collectors compose the backbone of society.
"to-morrow," he would add, smiling at them with a slightly menacing geniality, "you'll be settling down to serious work. you won't have time for generalities. meanwhile ..."
meanwhile, it was a privilege. straight from the horse's mouth into the notebook. the boys scribbled like mad.
tall and rather thin but upright, the director advanced into the room. he had a long chin and big rather prominent teeth, just covered, when he was not talking, by his full, floridly curved lips. old, young? thirty? fifty? fifty-five? it was hard to say. and anyhow the question didn't arise; in this year of stability, a. f. 632, it didn't occur to you to ask it.
"i shall begin at the beginning," said the d.h.c. and the more zealous students recorded his intention in their notebooks: begin at the beginning. "these," he waved his hand, "are the incubators." and opening an insulated door he showed them racks upon racks of numbered test-tubes. "the week's supply of ova. kept," he explained, "at blood heat; whereas the male gametes," and here he opened another door, "they have to be kept at thirty-five instead of thirty-seven. full blood heat sterilizes." rams wrapped in theremogene beget no lambs.
still leaning against the incubators he gave them, while the pencils scurried illegibly across the pages, a brief description of the modern fertilizing process; spoke first, of course, of its surgical introduction-"the operation undergone voluntarily for the good of society, not to mention the fact that it carries a bonus amounting to six months' salary"; continued with some account of the technique for preserving the excised ovary alive and actively developing; passed on to a consideration of optimum temperature, salinity, viscosity; referred to the liquor in which the detached and ripened eggs were kept; and, leading his charges to the work tables, actually showed them how this liquor was drawn off from the test-tubes; how it was let out drop by drop onto the specially warmed slides of the microscopes; how the eggs which it contained were inspected for abnormalities, counted and transferred to a porous receptacle; how (and he now took them to watch the operation) this receptacle was immersed in a warm bouillon containing free-swimming spermatozoa-at a minimum concentration of one hundred thousand per cubic centimetre, he insisted; and how, after ten minutes, the container was lifted out of the liquor and its contents re-examined; how, if any of the eggs remained unfertilized, it was again immersed, and, if necessary, yet again; how the fertilized ova went back to the incubators; where the alphas and betas remained until definitely bottled; while the gammas, deltas and epsilons were brought out again, after only thirty-six hours, to undergo bokanovsky's process.
"bokanovsky's process," repeated the director, and the students underlined the words in their little notebooks.
one egg, one embryo, one adult-normality. but a bokanovskified egg will bud, will proliferate, will divide. from eight to ninety-six buds, and every bud will grow into a perfectly formed embryo, and every embryo into a full-sized adult. making ninety-six human beings grow where only one grew before. progress.
"essentially," the d.h.c. concluded, "bokanovskification consists of a series of arrests of development. we check the normal growth and, paradoxically enough, the egg responds by budding."
responds by budding. the pencils were busy.
he pointed. on a very slowly moving band a rack-full of test-tubes was entering a large metal box, another, rack-full was emerging. machinery faintly purred. it took eight minutes for the tubes to go through, he told them. eight minutes of hard x-rays being about as much as an egg can stand. a few died; of the rest, the least susceptible divided into two; most put out four buds; some eight; all were returned to the incubators, where the buds began to develop; then, after two days, were suddenly chilled, chilled and checked. two, four, eight, the buds in their turn budded; and having budded were dosed almost to death with alcohol; consequently burgeoned again and having budded-bud out of bud out of bud-were thereafter-further arrest being generally fatal-left to develop in peace. by which time the original egg was in a fair way to becoming anything from eight to ninety-six embryos- a prodigious improvement, you will agree, on nature. identical twins-but not in piddling twos and threes as in the old viviparous days, when an egg would sometimes accidentally divide; actually by dozens, by scores at a time.
"scores," the director repeated and flung out his arms, as though he were distributing largesse. "scores."
but one of the students was fool enough to ask where the advantage lay.
"my good boy!" the director wheeled sharply round on him. "can't you see? can't you see?" he raised a hand; his expression was solemn. "bokanovsky's process is one of the major instruments of social stability!"
major instruments of social stability.
standard men and women; in uniform batches. the whole of a small factory staffed with the products of a single bokanovskified egg.
"ninety-six identical twins working ninety-six identical machines!" the voice was almost tremulous with enthusiasm. "you really know where you are. for the first time in history." he quoted the planetary motto. "community, identity, stability." grand words. "if we could bokanovskify indefinitely the whole problem would be solved."
solved by standard gammas, unvarying deltas, uniform epsilons. millions of identical twins. the principle of mass production at last applied to biology.
"but, alas," the director shook his head, "we can't bokanovskify indefinitely."
ninety-six seemed to be the limit; seventy-two a good average. from the same ovary and with gametes of the same male to manufacture as many batches of identical twins as possible-that was the best (sadly a second best) that they could do. and even that was difficult.
"for in nature it takes thirty years for two hundred eggs to reach maturity. but our business is to stabilize the population at this moment, here and now. dribbling out twins over a quarter of a century-what would be the use of that?"
obviously, no use at all. but podsnap's technique had immensely accelerated the process of ripening. they could make sure of at least a hundred and fifty mature eggs within two years. fertilize and bokanovskify-in other words, multiply by seventy-two-and you get an average of nearly eleven thousand brothers and sisters in a hundred and fifty batches of identical twins, all within two years of the same age.
"and in exceptional cases we can make one ovary yield us over fifteen thousand adult individuals."
beckoning to a fair-haired, ruddy young man who happened to be passing at the moment. "mr. foster," he called. the ruddy young man approached. "can you tell us the record for a single ovary, mr. foster?"
"sixteen thousand and twelve in this centre," mr. foster replied without hesitation. he spoke very quickly, had a vivacious blue eye, and took an evident pleasure in quoting figures. "sixteen thousand and twelve; in one hundred and eighty-nine batches of identicals. but of course they've done much better," he rattled on, "in some of the tropical centres. singapore has often produced over sixteen thousand five hundred; and mombasa has actually touched the seventeen thousand mark. but then they have unfair advantages. you should see the way a negro ovary responds to pituitary! it's quite astonishing, when you're used to working with european material. still," he added, with a laugh (but the light of combat was in his eyes and the lift of his chin was challenging), "still, we mean to beat them if we can. i'm working on a wonderful delta-minus ovary at this moment. only just eighteen months old. over twelve thousand seven hundred children already, either decanted or in embryo. and still going strong. we'll beat them yet."
"that's the spirit i like!" cried the director, and clapped mr. foster on the shoulder. "come along with us, and give these boys the benefit of your expert knowledge."
mr. foster smiled modestly. "with pleasure." they went.
in the bottling room all was harmonious bustle and ordered activity. flaps of fresh sow's peritoneum ready cut to the proper size came shooting up in little lifts from the organ store in the sub-basement. whizz and then, click! the lift-hatches hew open; the bottle-liner had only to reach out a hand, take the flap, insert, smooth-down, and before the lined bottle had had time to travel out of reach along the endless band, whizz, click! another flap of peritoneum had shot up from the depths, ready to be slipped into yet another bottle, the next of that slow interminable procession on the band.
next to the liners stood the matriculators. the procession advanced; one by one the eggs were transferred from their test-tubes to the larger containers; deftly the peritoneal lining was slit, the morula dropped into place, the saline solution poured in ... and already the bottle had passed, and it was the turn of the labellers. heredity, date of fertilization, membership of bokanovsky group-details were transferred from test-tube to bottle. no longer anonymous, but named, identified, the procession marched slowly on; on through an opening in the wall, slowly on into the social predestination room.
"eighty-eight cubic metres of card-index," said mr. foster with relish, as they entered.
"containing all the relevant information," added the director.
"brought up to date every morning."
"and co-ordinated every afternoon."
"on the basis of which they make their calculations."
"so many individuals, of such and such quality," said mr. foster.
"distributed in such and such quantities."
"the optimum decanting rate at any given moment."
"unforeseen wastages promptly made good."
"promptly," repeated mr. foster. "if you knew the amount of overtime i had to put in after the last japanese earthquake!" he laughed goodhumouredly and shook his head.
"the predestinators send in their figures to the fertilizers."
"who give them the embryos they ask for."
"and the bottles come in here to be predestined in detail."
"after which they are sent down to the embryo store."
"where we now proceed ourselves."
and opening a door mr. foster led the way down a staircase into the basement.
the temperature was still tropical. they descended into a thickening twilight. two doors and a passage with a double turn insured the cellar against any possible infiltration of the day.
"embryos are like photograph film," said mr. foster waggishly, as he pushed open the second door. "they can only stand red light."
and in effect the sultry darkness into which the students now followed him was visible and crimson, like the darkness of closed eyes on a summer's afternoon. the bulging flanks of row on receding row and tier above tier of bottles glinted with innumerable rubies, and among the rubies moved the dim red spectres of men and women with purple eyes and all the symptoms of lupus. the hum and rattle of machinery faintly stirred the air.
"give them a few figures, mr. foster," said the director, who was tired of talking.
mr. foster was only too happy to give them a few figures.
two hundred and twenty metres long, two hundred wide, ten high. he pointed upwards. like chickens drinking, the students lifted their eyes towards the distant ceiling.
three tiers of racks: ground floor level, first gallery, second gallery.
the spidery steel-work of gallery above gallery faded away in all directions into the dark. near them three red ghosts were busily unloading demijohns from a moving staircase.
the escalator from the social predestination room.
each bottle could be placed on one of fifteen racks, each rack, though you couldn't see it, was a conveyor traveling at the rate of thirty-three and a third centimetres an hour. two hundred and sixty-seven days at eight metres a day. two thousand one hundred and thirty-six metres in all. one circuit of the cellar at ground level, one on the first gallery, half on the second, and on the two hundred and sixty-seventh morning, daylight in the decanting room. independent existence-so called.
"but in the interval," mr. foster concluded, "we've managed to do a lot to them. oh, a very great deal." his laugh was knowing and triumphant.
"that's the spirit i like," said the director once more. "let's walk around. you tell them everything, mr. foster."
mr. foster duly told them.
told them of the growing embryo on its bed of peritoneum. made them taste the rich blood surrogate on which it fed. explained why it had to be stimulated with placentin and thyroxin. told them of the corpus luteum extract. showed them the jets through which at every twelfth metre from zero to 2040 it was automatically injected. spoke of those gradually increasing doses of pituitary administered during the final ninety-six metres of their course. described the artificial maternal circulation installed in every bottle at metre 112; showed them the reservoir of blood-surrogate, the centrifugal pump that kept the liquid moving over the placenta and drove it through the synthetic lung and waste product filter. referred to the embryo's troublesome tendency to anmia, to the massive doses of hog's stomach extract and foetal foal's liver with which, in consequence, it had to be supplied.
showed them the simple mechanism by means of which, during the last two metres out of every eight, all the embryos were simultaneously shaken into familiarity with movement. hinted at the gravity of the so-called "trauma of decanting," and enumerated the precautions taken to minimize, by a suitable training of the bottled embryo, that dangerous shock. told them of the test for sex carried out in the neighborhood of metre 200. explained the system of labelling-a t for the males, a circle for the females and for those who were destined to become freemartins a question mark, black on a white ground.
"for of course," said mr. foster, "in the vast majority of cases, fertility is merely a nuisance. one fertile ovary in twelve hundred-that would really be quite sufficient for our purposes. but we want to have a good choice. and of course one must always have an enormous margin of safety. so we allow as many as thirty per cent of the female embryos to develop normally. the others get a dose of male sex-hormone every twenty-four metres for the rest of the course. result: they're decanted as freemartins-structurally quite normal (except," he had to admit, "that they do have the slightest tendency to grow beards), but sterile. guaranteed sterile. which brings us at last," continued mr. foster, "out of the realm of mere slavish imitation of nature into the much more interesting world of human invention."
he rubbed his hands. for of course, they didn't content themselves with merely hatching out embryos: any cow could do that.
"we also predestine and condition. we decant our babies as socialized human beings, as alphas or epsilons, as future sewage workers or future ..." he was going to say "future world controllers," but correcting himself, said "future directors of hatcheries," instead.
the d.h.c. acknowledged the compliment with a smile.
they were passing metre 320 on rack 11. a young beta-minus mechanic was busy with screw-driver and spanner on the blood-surrogate pump of a passing bottle. the hum of the electric motor deepened by fractions of a tone as he turned the nuts. down, down ... a final twist, a glance at the revolution counter, and he was done. he moved two paces down the line and began the same process on the next pump.
"reducing the number of revolutions per minute," mr. foster explained. "the surrogate goes round slower; therefore passes through the lung at longer intervals; therefore gives the embryo less oxygen. nothing like oxygen-shortage for keeping an embryo below par." again he rubbed his hands.
"but why do you want to keep the embryo below par?" asked an ingenuous student.
"ass!" said the director, breaking a long silence. "hasn't it occurred to you that an epsilon embryo must have an epsilon environment as well as an epsilon heredity?"
it evidently hadn't occurred to him. he was covered with confusion.
"the lower the caste," said mr. foster, "the shorter the oxygen." the first organ affected was the brain. after that the skeleton. at seventy per cent of normal oxygen you got dwarfs. at less than seventy eyeless monsters.
"who are no use at all," concluded mr. foster.
whereas (his voice became confidential and eager), if they could discover a technique for shortening the period of maturation what a triumph, what a benefaction to society!
"consider the horse."
they considered it.
mature at six; the elephant at ten. while at thirteen a man is not yet sexually mature; and is only full-grown at twenty. hence, of course, that fruit of delayed development, the human intelligence.
"but in epsilons," said mr. foster very justly, "we don't need human intelligence."
didn't need and didn't get it. but though the epsilon mind was mature at ten, the epsilon body was not fit to work till eighteen. long years of superfluous and wasted immaturity. if the physical development could be speeded up till it was as quick, say, as a cow's, what an enormous saving to the community!
"enormous!" murmured the students. mr. foster's enthusiasm was infectious.
he became rather technical; spoke of the abnormal endocrine co-ordination which made men grow so slowly; postulated a germinal mutation to account for it. could the effects of this germinal mutation be undone? could the individual epsilon embryo be made a revert, by a suitable technique, to the normality of dogs and cows? that was the problem. and it was all but solved.
pilkington, at mombasa, had produced individuals who were sexually mature at four and full-grown at six and a half. a scientific triumph. but socially useless. six-year-old men and women were too stupid to do even epsilon work. and the process was an all-or-nothing one; either you failed to modify at all, or else you modified the whole way. they were still trying to find the ideal compromise between adults of twenty and adults of six. so far without success. mr. foster sighed and shook his head.
their wanderings through the crimson twilight had brought them to the neighborhood of metre 170 on rack 9. from this point onwards rack 9 was enclosed and the bottle performed the remainder of their journey in a kind of tunnel, interrupted here and there by openings two or three metres wide.
"heat conditioning," said mr. foster.
hot tunnels alternated with cool tunnels. coolness was wedded to discomfort in the form of hard x-rays. by the time they were decanted the embryos had a horror of cold. they were predestined to emigrate to the tropics, to be miner and acetate silk spinners and steel workers. later on their minds would be made to endorse the judgment of their bodies. "we condition them to thrive on heat," concluded mr. foster. "our colleagues upstairs will teach them to love it."
"and that," put in the director sententiously, "that is the secret of happiness and virtue-liking what you've got to do. all conditioning aims at that: making people like their unescapable social destiny."
in a gap between two tunnels, a nurse was delicately probing with a long fine syringe into the gelatinous contents of a passing bottle. the students and their guides stood watching her for a few moments in silence.
"well, lenina," said mr. foster, when at last she withdrew the syringe and straightened herself up.
the girl turned with a start. one could see that, for all the lupus and the purple eyes, she was uncommonly pretty.
"henry!" her smile flashed redly at him-a row of coral teeth.
"charming, charming," murmured the director and, giving her two or three little pats, received in exchange a rather deferential smile for himself.
"what are you giving them?" asked mr. foster, making his tone very professional.
"oh, the usual typhoid and sleeping sickness."
"tropical workers start being inoculated at metre 150," mr. foster explained to the students. "the embryos still have gills. we immunize the fish against the future man's diseases." then, turning back to lenina, "ten to five on the roof this afternoon," he said, "as usual."
"charming," said the director once more, and, with a final pat, moved away after the others.
on rack 10 rows of next generation's chemical workers were being trained in the toleration of lead, caustic soda, tar, chlorine. the first of a batch of two hundred and fifty embryonic rocket-plane engineers was just passing the eleven hundred metre mark on rack 3. a special mechanism kept their containers in constant rotation. "to improve their sense of balance," mr. foster explained. "doing repairs on the outside of a rocket in mid-air is a ticklish job. we slacken off the circulation when they're right way up, so that they're half starved, and double the flow of surrogate when they're upside down. they learn to associate topsy-turvydom with well-being; in fact, they're only truly happy when they're standing on their heads.
"and now," mr. foster went on, "i'd like to show you some very interesting conditioning for alpha plus intellectuals. we have a big batch of them on rack 5. first gallery level," he called to two boys who had started to go down to the ground floor.
"they're round about metre 900," he explained. "you can't really do any useful intellectual conditioning till the foetuses have lost their tails. follow me."
but the director had looked at his watch. "ten to three," he said. "no time for the intellectual embryos, i'm afraid. we must go up to the nurseries before the children have finished their afternoon sleep."
mr. foster was disappointed. "at least one glance at the decanting room," he pleaded.
"very well then." the director smiled indulgently. "just one glance."
mr. foster was left in the decanting room. the d.h.c. and his students stepped into the nearest lift and were carried up to the fifth floor.
infant nurseries. neo-pavlovian conditioning rooms, announced the notice board.
the director opened a door. they were in a large bare room, very bright and sunny; for the whole of the southern wall was a single window. half a dozen nurses, trousered and jacketed in the regulation white viscose-linen uniform, their hair aseptically hidden under white caps, were engaged in setting out bowls of roses in a long row across the floor. big bowls, packed tight with blossom. thousands of petals, ripe-blown and silkily smooth, like the cheeks of innumerable little cherubs, but of cherubs, in that bright light, not exclusively pink and aryan, but also luminously chinese, also mexican, also apoplectic with too much blowing of celestial trumpets, also pale as death, pale with the posthumous whiteness of marble.
the nurses stiffened to attention as the d.h.c. came in.
"set out the books," he said curtly.
in silence the nurses obeyed his command. between the rose bowls the books were duly set out-a row of nursery quartos opened invitingly each at some gaily coloured image of beast or fish or bird.
"now bring in the children."
they hurried out of the room and returned in a minute or two, each pushing a kind of tall dumb-waiter laden, on all its four wire-netted shelves, with eight-month-old babies, all exactly alike (a bokanovsky group, it was evident) and all (since their caste was delta) dressed in khaki.
"put them down on the floor."
the infants were unloaded.
"now turn them so that they can see the flowers and books."
turned, the babies at once fell silent, then began to crawl towards those clusters of sleek colours, those shapes so gay and brilliant on the white pages. as they approached, the sun came out of a momentary eclipse behind a cloud. the roses flamed up as though with a sudden passion from within; a new and profound significance seemed to suffuse the shining pages of the books. from the ranks of the crawling babies came little squeals of excitement, gurgles and twitterings of pleasure.
the director rubbed his hands. "excellent!" he said. "it might almost have been done on purpose."
the swiftest crawlers were already at their goal. small hands reached out uncertainly, touched, grasped, unpetaling the transfigured roses, crumpling the illuminated pages of the books. the director waited until all were happily busy. then, "watch carefully," he said. and, lifting his hand, he gave the signal.
the head nurse, who was standing by a switchboard at the other end of the room, pressed down a little lever.
there was a violent explosion. shriller and ever shriller, a siren shrieked. alarm bells maddeningly sounded.
the children started, screamed; their faces were distorted with terror.
"and now," the director shouted (for the noise was deafening), "now we proceed to rub in the lesson with a mild electric shock."
he waved his hand again, and the head nurse pressed a second lever. the screaming of the babies suddenly changed its tone. there was something desperate, almost insane, about the sharp spasmodic yelps to which they now gave utterance. their little bodies twitched and stiffened; their limbs moved jerkily as if to the tug of unseen wires.
"we can electrify that whole strip of floor," bawled the director in explanation. "but that's enough," he signalled to the nurse.
the explosions ceased, the bells stopped ringing, the shriek of the siren died down from tone to tone into silence. the stiffly twitching bodies relaxed, and what had become the sob and yelp of infant maniacs broadened out once more into a normal howl of ordinary terror.
"offer them the flowers and the books again."
the nurses obeyed; but at the approach of the roses, at the mere sight of those gaily-coloured images of pussy and cock-a-doodle-doo and baa-baa black sheep, the infants shrank away in horror, the volume of their howling suddenly increased.
"observe," said the director triumphantly, "observe."
books and loud noises, flowers and electric shocks-already in the infant mind these couples were compromisingly linked; and after two hundred repetitions of the same or a similar lesson would be wedded indissolubly. what man has joined, nature is powerless to put asunder.
"they'll grow up with what the psychologists used to call an 'instinctive' hatred of books and flowers. reflexes unalterably conditioned. they'll be safe from books and botany all their lives." the director turned to his nurses. "take them away again."
still yelling, the khaki babies were loaded on to their dumb-waiters and wheeled out, leaving behind them the smell of sour milk and a most welcome silence.
one of the students held up his hand; and though he could see quite well why you couldn't have lower-cast people wasting the community's time over books, and that there was always the risk of their reading something which might undesirably decondition one of their reflexes, yet ... well, he couldn't understand about the flowers. why go to the trouble of making it psychologically impossible for deltas to like flowers?
patiently the d.h.c. explained. if the children were made to scream at the sight of a rose, that was on grounds of high economic policy. not so very long ago (a century or thereabouts), gammas, deltas, even epsilons, had been conditioned to like flowers-flowers in particular and wild nature in general. the idea was to make them want to be going out into the country at every available opportunity, and so compel them to consume transport.
"and didn't they consume transport?" asked the student.
"quite a lot," the d.h.c. replied. "but nothing else."
primroses and landscapes, he pointed out, have one grave defect: they are gratuitous. a love of nature keeps no factories busy. it was decided to abolish the love of nature, at any rate among the lower classes; to abolish the love of nature, but not the tendency to consume transport. for of course it was essential that they should keep on going to the country, even though they hated it. the problem was to find an economically sounder reason for consuming transport than a mere affection for primroses and landscapes. it was duly found.
"we condition the masses to hate the country," concluded the director. "but simultaneously we condition them to love all country sports. at the same time, we see to it that all country sports shall entail the use of elaborate apparatus. so that they consume manufactured articles as well as transport. hence those electric shocks."
"i see," said the student, and was silent, lost in admiration.
there was a silence; then, clearing his throat, "once upon a time," the director began, "while our ford was still on earth, there was a little boy called reuben rabinovitch. reuben was the child of polish-speaking parents."
the director interrupted himself. "you know what polish is, i suppose?"
"a dead language."
"like french and german," added another student, officiously showing off his learning.
"and 'parent'?" questioned the d.h.c.
there was an uneasy silence. several of the boys blushed. they had not yet learned to draw the significant but often very fine distinction between smut and pure science. one, at last, had the courage to raise a hand.
"human beings used to be ..." he hesitated; the blood rushed to his cheeks. "well, they used to be viviparous."
"quite right." the director nodded approvingly.
"and when the babies were decanted ..."
"'born,'" came the correction.
"well, then they were the parents-i mean, not the babies, of course; the other ones." the poor boy was overwhelmed with confusion.
"in brief," the director summed up, "the parents were the father and the mother." the smut that was really science fell with a crash into the boys' eye-avoiding silence. "mother," he repeated loudly rubbing in the science; and, leaning back in his chair, "these," he said gravely, "are unpleasant facts; i know it. but then most historical facts are unpleasant."
he returned to little reuben-to little reuben, in whose room, one evening, by an oversight, his father and mother (crash, crash!) happened to leave the radio turned on.
("for you must remember that in those days of gross viviparous reproduction, children were always brought up by their parents and not in state conditioning centres.")
while the child was asleep, a broadcast programme from london suddenly started to come through; and the next morning, to the astonishment of his crash and crash (the more daring of the boys ventured to grin at one another), little reuben woke up repeating word for word a long lecture by that curious old writer ("one of the very few whose works have been permitted to come down to us"), george bernard shaw, who was speaking, according to a well-authenticated tradition, about his own genius. to little reuben's wink and snigger, this lecture was, of course, perfectly incomprehensible and, imagining that their child had suddenly gone mad, they sent for a doctor. he, fortunately, understood english, recognized the discourse as that which shaw had broadcasted the previous evening, realized the significance of what had happened, and sent a letter to the medical press about it.
"the principle of sleep-teaching, or hypnopdia, had been discovered." the d.h.c. made an impressive pause.
the principle had been discovered; but many, many years were to elapse before that principle was usefully applied.
"the case of little reuben occurred only twenty-three years after our ford's first t-model was put on the market." (here the director made a sign of the t on his stomach and all the students reverently followed suit.) "and yet ..."
furiously the students scribbled. "hypnopdia, first used officially in a.f. 214. why not before? two reasons. (a) ..."
"these early experimenters," the d.h.c. was saying, "were on the wrong track. they thought that hypnopdia could be made an instrument of intellectual education ..."
(a small boy asleep on his right side, the right arm stuck out, the right hand hanging limp over the edge of the bed. through a round grating in the side of a box a voice speaks softly.
"the nile is the longest river in africa and the second in length of all the rivers of the globe. although falling short of the length of the mississippi-missouri, the nile is at the head of all rivers as regards the length of its basin, which extends through 35 degrees of latitude ..."
at breakfast the next morning, "tommy," some one says, "do you know which is the longest river in africa?" a shaking of the head. "but don't you remember something that begins: the nile is the ..."
"the - nile - is - the - longest - river - in - africa - and - the - second - in - length - of - all - the - rivers - of - the - globe ..." the words come rushing out. "although - falling - short - of ..."
"well now, which is the longest river in africa?"
the eyes are blank. "i don't know."
"but the nile, tommy."
"the - nile - is - the - longest - river - in - africa - and - second ..."
"then which river is the longest, tommy?"
tommy burst into tears. "i don't know," he howls.)
that howl, the director made it plain, discouraged the earliest investigators. the experiments were abandoned. no further attempt was made to teach children the length of the nile in their sleep. quite rightly. you can't learn a science unless you know what it's all about.
"whereas, if they'd only started on moral education," said the director, leading the way towards the door. the students followed him, desperately scribbling as they walked and all the way up in the lift. "moral education, which ought never, in any circumstances, to be rational."
"silence, silence," whispered a loud speaker as they stepped out at the fourteenth floor, and "silence, silence," the trumpet mouths indefatigably repeated at intervals down every corridor. the students and even the director himself rose automatically to the tips of their toes. they were alphas, of course, but even alphas have been well conditioned. "silence, silence." all the air of the fourteenth floor was sibilant with the categorical imperative.
fifty yards of tiptoeing brought them to a door which the director cautiously opened. they stepped over the threshold into the twilight of a shuttered dormitory. eighty cots stood in a row against the wall. there was a sound of light regular breathing and a continuous murmur, as of very faint voices remotely whispering.
a nurse rose as they entered and came to attention before the director.
"what's the lesson this afternoon?" he asked.
"we had elementary sex for the first forty minutes," she answered. "but now it's switched over to elementary class consciousness."
the director walked slowly down the long line of cots. rosy and relaxed with sleep, eighty little boys and girls lay softly breathing. there was a whisper under every pillow. the d.h.c. halted and, bending over one of the little beds, listened attentively.
"elementary class consciousness, did you say? let's have it repeated a little louder by the trumpet."
at the end of the room a loud speaker projected from the wall. the director walked up to it and pressed a switch.
"... all wear green," said a soft but very distinct voice, beginning in the middle of a sentence, "and delta children wear khaki. oh no, i don't want to play with delta children. and epsilons are still worse. they're too stupid to be able to read or write. besides they wear black, which is such a beastly colour. i'm so glad i'm a beta."
there was a pause; then the voice began again.
"alpha children wear grey they work much harder than we do, because they're so frightfully clever. i'm really awfuly glad i'm a beta, because i don't work so hard. and then we are much better than the gammas and deltas. gammas are stupid. they all wear green, and delta children wear khaki. oh no, i don't want to play with delta children. and epsilons are still worse. they're too stupid to be able ..."
the director pushed back the switch. the voice was silent. only its thin ghost continued to mutter from beneath the eighty pillows.
"they'll have that repeated forty or fifty times more before they wake; then again on thursday, and again on saturday. a hundred and twenty times three times a week for thirty months. after which they go on to a more advanced lesson."
roses and electric shocks, the khaki of deltas and a whiff of asafoetida-wedded indissolubly before the child can speak. but wordless conditioning is crude and wholesale; cannot bring home the finer distinctions, cannot inculcate the more complex courses of behaviour. for that there must be words, but words without reason. in brief, hypnopdia.
"the greatest moralizing and socializing force of all time."
the students took it down in their little books. straight from the horse's mouth.
once more the director touched the switch.
"... so frightfully clever," the soft, insinuating, indefatigable voice was saying, "i'm really awfully glad i'm a beta, because ..."
not so much like drops of water, though water, it is true, can wear holes in the hardest granite; rather, drops of liquid sealing-wax, drops that adhere, incrust, incorporate themselves with what they fall on, till finally the rock is all one scarlet blob.
"till at last the child's mind is these suggestions, and the sum of the suggestions is the child's mind. and not the child's mind only. the adult's mind too-all his life long. the mind that judges and desires and decides-made up of these suggestions. but all these suggestions are our suggestions!" the director almost shouted in his triumph. "suggestions from the state." he banged the nearest table. "it therefore follows ..."
a noise made him turn round.
"oh, ford!" he said in another tone, "i've gone and woken the children."
outside, in the garden, it was playtime. naked in the warm june sunshine, six or seven hundred little boys and girls were running with shrill yells over the lawns, or playing ball games, or squatting silently in twos and threes among the flowering shrubs. the roses were in bloom, two nightingales soliloquized in the boskage, a cuckoo was just going out of tune among the lime trees. the air was drowsy with the murmur of bees and helicopters.
the director and his students stood for a short time watching a game of centrifugal bumble-puppy. twenty children were grouped in a circle round a chrome steel tower. a ball thrown up so as to land on the platform at the top of the tower rolled down into the interior, fell on a rapidly revolving disk, was hurled through one or other of the numerous apertures pierced in the cylindrical casing, and had to be caught.
"strange," mused the director, as they turned away, "strange to think that even in our ford's day most games were played without more apparatus than a ball or two and a few sticks and perhaps a bit of netting. imagine the folly of allowing people to play elaborate games which do nothing whatever to increase consumption. it's madness. nowadays the controllers won't approve of any new game unless it can be shown that it requires at least as much apparatus as the most complicated of existing games." he interrupted himself.
"that's a charming little group," he said, pointing.
in a little grassy bay between tall clumps of mediterranean heather, two children, a little boy of about seven and a little girl who might have been a year older, were playing, very gravely and with all the focussed attention of scientists intent on a labour of discovery, a rudimentary sexual game.
"charming, charming!" the d.h.c. repeated sentimentally.
"charming," the boys politely agreed. but their smile was rather patronizing. they had put aside similar childish amusements too recently to be able to watch them now without a touch of contempt. charming? but it was just a pair of kids fooling about; that was all. just kids.
"i always think," the director was continuing in the same rather maudlin tone, when he was interrupted by a loud boo-hooing.
from a neighbouring shrubbery emerged a nurse, leading by the hand a small boy, who howled as he went. an anxious-looking little girl trotted at her heels.
"what's the matter?" asked the director.
the nurse shrugged her shoulders. "nothing much," she answered. "it's just that this little boy seems rather reluctant to join in the ordinary erotic play. i'd noticed it once or twice before. and now again to-day. he started yelling just now ..."
"honestly," put in the anxious-looking little girl, "i didn't mean to hurt him or anything. honestly."
"of course you didn't, dear," said the nurse reassuringly. "and so," she went on, turning back to the director, "i'm taking him in to see the assistant superintendent of psychology. just to see if anything's at all abnormal."
"quite right," said the director. "take him in. you stay here, little girl," he added, as the nurse moved away with her still howling charge. "what's your name?"
"polly trotsky."
"and a very good name too," said the director. "run away now and see if you can find some other little boy to play with."
the child scampered off into the bushes and was lost to sight.
"exquisite little creature!" said the director, looking after her. then, turning to his students, "what i'm going to tell you now," he said, "may sound incredible. but then, when you're not accustomed to history, most facts about the past do sound incredible."
he let out the amazing truth. for a very long period before the time of our ford, and even for some generations afterwards, erotic play between children had been regarded as abnormal (there was a roar of laughter); and not only abnormal, actually immoral (no!): and had therefore been rigorously suppressed.
a look of astonished incredulity appeared on the faces of his listeners. poor little kids not allowed to amuse themselves? they could not believe it.
"even adolescents," the d.h.c. was saying, "even adolescents like yourselves ..."
"not possible!"
"barring a little surreptitious auto-erotism and homosexuality-absolutely nothing."
"nothing?"
"in most cases, till they were over twenty years old."
"twenty years old?" echoed the students in a chorus of loud disbelief.
"twenty," the director repeated. "i told you that you'd find it incredible."
"but what happened?" they asked. "what were the results?"
"the results were terrible." a deep resonant voice broke startlingly into the dialogue.
they looked around. on the fringe of the little group stood a stranger-a man of middle height, black-haired, with a hooked nose, full red lips, eyes very piercing and dark. "terrible," he repeated.
the d.h.c. had at that moment sat down on one of the steel and rubber benches conveniently scattered through the gardens; but at the sight of the stranger, he sprang to his feet and darted forward, his hand outstretched, smiling with all his teeth, effusive.
"controller! what an unexpected pleasure! boys, what are you thinking of? this is the controller; this is his fordship, mustapha mond."
in the four thousand rooms of the centre the four thousand electric clocks simultaneously struck four. discarnate voices called from the trumpet mouths.
"main day-shift off duty. second day-shift take over. main day-shift off ..."
in the lift, on their way up to the changing rooms, henry foster and the assistant director of predestination rather pointedly turned their backs on bernard marx from the psychology bureau: averted themselves from that unsavoury reputation.
the faint hum and rattle of machinery still stirred the crimson air in the embryo store. shifts might come and go, one lupus-coloured face give place to another; majestically and for ever the conveyors crept forward with their load of future men and women.
lenina crowne walked briskly towards the door.
his fordship mustapha mond! the eyes of the saluting students almost popped out of their heads. mustapha mond! the resident controller for western europe! one of the ten world controllers. one of the ten ... and he sat down on the bench with the d.h.c., he was going to stay, to stay, yes, and actually talk to them ... straight from the horse's mouth. straight from the mouth of ford himself.
two shrimp-brown children emerged from a neighbouring shrubbery, stared at them for a moment with large, astonished eyes, then returned to their amusements among the leaves.
"you all remember," said the controller, in his strong deep voice, "you all remember, i suppose, that beautiful and inspired saying of our ford's: history is bunk. history," he repeated slowly, "is bunk."
he waved his hand; and it was as though, with an invisible feather wisk, he had brushed away a little dust, and the dust was harappa, was ur of the chaldees; some spider-webs, and they were thebes and babylon and cnossos and mycenae. whisk. whisk-and where was odysseus, where was job, where were jupiter and gotama and jesus? whisk-and those specks of antique dirt called athens and rome, jerusalem and the middle kingdom-all were gone. whisk-the place where italy had been was empty. whisk, the cathedrals; whisk, whisk, king lear and the thoughts of pascal. whisk, passion; whisk, requiem; whisk, symphony; whisk ...
"going to the feelies this evening, henry?" enquired the assistant predestinator. "i hear the new one at the alhambra is first-rate. there's a love scene on a bearskin rug; they say it's marvellous. every hair of the bear reproduced. the most amazing tactual effects."
"that's why you're taught no history," the controller was saying. "but now the time has come ..."
the d.h.c. looked at him nervously. there were those strange rumours of old forbidden books hidden in a safe in the controller's study. bibles, poetry-ford knew what.
mustapha mond intercepted his anxious glance and the corners of his red lips twitched ironically.
"it's all right, director," he said in a tone of faint derision, "i won't corrupt them."
the d.h.c. was overwhelmed with confusion.
those who feel themselves despised do well to look despising. the smile on bernard marx's face was contemptuous. every hair on the bear indeed!
"i shall make a point of going," said henry foster.
mustapha mond leaned forward, shook a finger at them. "just try to realize it," he said, and his voice sent a strange thrill quivering along their diaphragms. "try to realize what it was like to have a viviparous mother."
that smutty word again. but none of them dreamed, this time, of smiling.
"try to imagine what 'living with one's family' meant."
they tried; but obviously without the smallest success.
"and do you know what a 'home' was?"
they shook their heads.
from her dim crimson cellar lenina crowne shot up seventeen stories, turned to the right as she stepped out of the lift, walked down a long corridor and, opening the door marked girls' dressing-room, plunged into a deafening chaos of arms and bosoms and underclothing. torrents of hot water were splashing into or gurgling out of a hundred baths. rumbling and hissing, eighty vibro-vacuum massage machines were simultaneously kneading and sucking the firm and sunburnt flesh of eighty superb female specimens. every one was talking at the top of her voice. a synthetic music machine was warbling out a super-cornet solo.
"hullo, fanny," said lenina to the young woman who had the pegs and locker next to hers.
fanny worked in the bottling room, and her surname was also crowne. but as the two thousand million inhabitants of the plant had only ten thousand names between them, the coincidence was not particularly surprising.
lenina pulled at her zippers-downwards on the jacket, downwards with a double-handed gesture at the two that held trousers, downwards again to loosen her undergarment. still wearing her shoes and stockings, she walked off towards the bathrooms.
home, home-a few small rooms, stiflingly over-inhabited by a man, by a periodically teeming woman, by a rabble of boys and girls of all ages. no air, no space; an understerilized prison; darkness, disease, and smells.
(the controller's evocation was so vivid that one of the boys, more sensitive than the rest, turned pale at the mere description and was on the point of being sick.)
lenina got out of the bath, toweled herself dry, took hold of a long flexible tube plugged into the wall, presented the nozzle to her breast, as though she meant to commit suicide, pressed down the trigger. a blast of warmed air dusted her with the finest talcum powder. eight different scents and eau-de-cologne were laid on in little taps over the wash-basin. she turned on the third from the left, dabbed herself with chypre and, carrying her shoes and stockings in her hand, went out to see if one of the vibro-vacuum machines were free.
and home was as squalid psychically as physically. psychically, it was a rabbit hole, a midden, hot with the frictions of tightly packed life, reeking with emotion. what suffocating intimacies, what dangerous, insane, obscene relationships between the members of the family group! maniacally, the mother brooded over her children (her children) ... brooded over them like a cat over its kittens; but a cat that could talk, a cat that could say, "my baby, my baby," over and over again. "my baby, and oh, oh, at my breast, the little hands, the hunger, and that unspeakable agonizing pleasure! till at last my baby sleeps, my baby sleeps with a bubble of white milk at the corner of his mouth. my little baby sleeps ..."
"yes," said mustapha mond, nodding his head, "you may well shudder."
"who are you going out with to-night?" lenina asked, returning from the vibro-vac like a pearl illuminated from within, pinkly glowing.
"nobody."
lenina raised her eyebrows in astonishment.
"i've been feeling rather out of sorts lately," fanny explained. "dr. wells advised me to have a pregnancy substitute."
"but, my dear, you're only nineteen. the first pregnancy substitute isn't compulsory till twenty-one."
"i know, dear. but some people are better if they begin earlier. dr. wells told me that brunettes with wide pelvises, like me, ought to have their first pregnancy substitute at seventeen. so i'm really two years late, not two years early." she opened the door of her locker and pointed to the row of boxes and labelled phials on the upper shelf.
"syrup of corpus luteum," lenina read the names aloud. "ovarin, guaranteed fresh: not to be used after august 1st, a.f. 632. mammary gland extract: to be taken three times daily, before meals, with a little water. placentin: 5cc to be injected intravenally every third day ... ugh!" lenina shuddered. "how i loathe intravenals, don't you?"
"yes. but when they do one good ..." fanny was a particularly sensible girl.
our ford-or our freud, as, for some inscrutable reason, he chose to call himself whenever he spoke of psychological matters-our freud had been the first to reveal the appalling dangers of family life. the world was full of fathers-was therefore full of misery; full of mothers-therefore of every kind of perversion from sadism to chastity; full of brothers, sisters, uncles, aunts-full of madness and suicide.
"and yet, among the savages of samoa, in certain islands off the coast of new guinea ..."
the tropical sunshine lay like warm honey on the naked bodies of children tumbling promiscuously among the hibiscus blossoms. home was in any one of twenty palm-thatched houses. in the trobriands conception was the work of ancestral ghosts; nobody had ever heard of a father.
"extremes," said the controller, "meet. for the good reason that they were made to meet."
"dr. wells says that a three months' pregnancy substitute now will make all the difference to my health for the next three or four years."
"well, i hope he's right," said lenina. "but, fanny, do you really mean to say that for the next three months you're not supposed to ..."
"oh no, dear. only for a week or two, that's all. i shall spend the evening at the club playing musical bridge. i suppose you're going out?"
lenina nodded.
"who with?"
"henry foster."
"again?" fanny's kind, rather moon-like face took on an incongruous expression of pained and disapproving astonishment. "do you mean to tell me you're still going out with henry foster?"
mothers and fathers, brothers and sisters. but there were also husbands, wives, lovers. there were also monogamy and romance.
"though you probably don't know what those are," said mustapha mond.
they shook their heads.
family, monogamy, romance. everywhere exclusiveness, a narrow channelling of impulse and energy.
"but every one belongs to every one else," he concluded, citing the hypnopdic proverb.
the students nodded, emphatically agreeing with a statement which upwards of sixty-two thousand repetitions in the dark had made them accept, not merely as true, but as axiomatic, self-evident, utterly indisputable.
"but after all," lenina was protesting, "it's only about four months now since i've been having henry."
"only four months! i like that. and what's more," fanny went on, pointing an accusing finger, "there's been nobody else except henry all that time. has there?"
lenina blushed scarlet; but her eyes, the tone of her voice remained defiant. "no, there hasn't been any one else," she answered almost truculently. "and i jolly well don't see why there should have been."
"oh, she jolly well doesn't see why there should have been," fanny repeated, as though to an invisible listener behind lenina's left shoulder. then, with a sudden change of tone, "but seriously," she said, "i really do think you ought to be careful. it's such horribly bad form to go on and on like this with one man. at forty, or thirty-five, it wouldn't be so bad. but at your age, lenina! no, it really won't do. and you know how strongly the d.h.c. objects to anything intense or long-drawn. four months of henry foster, without having another man-why, he'd be furious if he knew ..."
"think of water under pressure in a pipe." they thought of it. "i pierce it once," said the controller. "what a jet!"
he pierced it twenty times. there were twenty piddling little fountains.
"my baby. my baby ...!"
"mother!" the madness is infectious.
"my love, my one and only, precious, precious ..."
mother, monogamy, romance. high spurts the fountain; fierce and foamy the wild jet. the urge has but a single outlet. my love, my baby. no wonder these poor pre-moderns were mad and wicked and miserable. their world didn't allow them to take things easily, didn't allow them to be sane, virtuous, happy. what with mothers and lovers, what with the prohibitions they were not conditioned to obey, what with the temptations and the lonely remorses, what with all the diseases and the endless isolating pain, what with the uncertainties and the poverty-they were forced to feel strongly. and feeling strongly (and strongly, what was more, in solitude, in hopelessly individual isolation), how could they be stable?
"of course there's no need to give him up. have somebody else from time to time, that's all. he has other girls, doesn't he?"
lenina admitted it.
"of course he does. trust henry foster to be the perfect gentleman-always correct. and then there's the director to think of. you know what a stickler ..."
nodding, "he patted me on the behind this afternoon," said lenina.
"there, you see!" fanny was triumphant. "that shows what he stands for. the strictest conventionality."
"stability," said the controller, "stability. no civilization without social stability. no social stability without individual stability." his voice was a trumpet. listening they felt larger, warmer.
the machine turns, turns and must keep on turning-for ever. it is death if it stands still. a thousand millions scrabbled the crust of the earth. the wheels began to turn. in a hundred and fifty years there were two thousand millions. stop all the wheels. in a hundred and fifty weeks there are once more only a thousand millions; a thousand thousand thousand men and women have starved to death.
wheels must turn steadily, but cannot turn untended. there must be men to tend them, men as steady as the wheels upon their axles, sane men, obedient men, stable in contentment.
crying: my baby, my mother, my only, only love groaning: my sin, my terrible god; screaming with pain, muttering with fever, bemoaning old age and poverty-how can they tend the wheels? and if they cannot tend the wheels ... the corpses of a thousand thousand thousand men and women would be hard to bury or burn.
"and after all," fanny's tone was coaxing, "it's not as though there were anything painful or disagreeable about having one or two men besides henry. and seeing that you ought to be a little more promiscuous ..."
"stability," insisted the controller, "stability. the primal and the ultimate need. stability. hence all this."
with a wave of his hand he indicated the gardens, the huge building of the conditioning centre, the naked children furtive in the undergrowth or running across the lawns.
lenina shook her head. "somehow," she mused, "i hadn't been feeling very keen on promiscuity lately. there are times when one doesn't. haven't you found that too, fanny?"
fanny nodded her sympathy and understanding. "but one's got to make the effort," she said, sententiously, "one's got to play the game. after all, every one belongs to every one else."
"yes, every one belongs to every one else," lenina repeated slowly and, sighing, was silent for a moment; then, taking fanny's hand, gave it a little squeeze. "you're quite right, fanny. as usual. i'll make the effort."
impulse arrested spills over, and the flood is feeling, the flood is passion, the flood is even madness: it depends on the force of the current, the height and strength of the barrier. the unchecked stream flows smoothly down its appointed channels into a calm well-being. (the embryo is hungry; day in, day out, the blood-surrogate pump unceasingly turns its eight hundred revolutions a minute. the decanted infant howls; at once a nurse appears with a bottle of external secretion. feeling lurks in that interval of time between desire and its consummation. shorten that interval, break down all those old unnecessary barriers.
"fortunate boys!" said the controller. "no pains have been spared to make your lives emotionally easy-to preserve you, so far as that is possible, from having emotions at all."
"ford's in his flivver," murmured the d.h.c. "all's well with the world."
"lenina crowne?" said henry foster, echoing the assistant predestinator's question as he zipped up his trousers. "oh, she's a splendid girl. wonderfully pneumatic. i'm surprised you haven't had her."
"i can't think how it is i haven't," said the assistant predestinator. "i certainly will. at the first opportunity."
from his place on the opposite side of the changing-room aisle, bernard marx overheard what they were saying and turned pale.
"and to tell the truth," said lenina, "i'm beginning to get just a tiny bit bored with nothing but henry every day." she pulled on her left stocking. "do you know bernard marx?" she asked in a tone whose excessive casualness was evidently forced.
fanny looked startled. "you don't mean to say ...?"
"why not? bernard's an alpha plus. besides, he asked me to go to one of the savage reservations with him. i've always wanted to see a savage reservation."
"but his reputation?"
"what do i care about his reputation?"
"they say he doesn't like obstacle golf."
"they say, they say," mocked lenina.
"and then he spends most of his time by himself-alone." there was horror in fanny's voice.
"well, he won't be alone when he's with me. and anyhow, why are people so beastly to him? i think he's rather sweet." she smiled to herself; how absurdly shy he had been! frightened almost-as though she were a world controller and he a gamma-minus machine minder.
"consider your own lives," said mustapha mond. "has any of you ever encountered an insurmountable obstacle?"
the question was answered by a negative silence.
"has any of you been compelled to live through a long time-interval between the consciousness of a desire and its fufilment?"
"well," began one of the boys, and hesitated.
"speak up," said the d.h.c. "don't keep his fordship waiting."
"i once had to wait nearly four weeks before a girl i wanted would let me have her."
"and you felt a strong emotion in consequence?"
"horrible!"
"horrible; precisely," said the controller. "our ancestors were so stupid and short-sighted that when the first reformers came along and offered to deliver them from those horrible emotions, they wouldn't have anything to do with them."
"talking about her as though she were a bit of meat." bernard ground his teeth. "have her here, have her there." like mutton. degrading her to so much mutton. she said she'd think it over, she said she'd give me an answer this week. oh, ford, ford, ford." he would have liked to go up to them and hit them in the face-hard, again and again.
"yes, i really do advise you to try her," henry foster was saying.
"take ectogenesis. pfitzner and kawaguchi had got the whole technique worked out. but would the governments look at it? no. there was something called christianity. women were forced to go on being viviparous."
"he's so ugly!" said fanny.
"but i rather like his looks."
"and then so small." fanny made a grimace; smallness was so horribly and typically low-caste.
"i think that's rather sweet," said lenina. "one feels one would like to pet him. you know. like a cat."
fanny was shocked. "they say somebody made a mistake when he was still in the bottle-thought he was a gamma and put alcohol into his blood-surrogate. that's why he's so stunted."
"what nonsense!" lenina was indignant.
"sleep teaching was actually prohibited in england. there was something called liberalism. parliament, if you know what that was, passed a law against it. the records survive. speeches about liberty of the subject. liberty to be inefficient and miserable. freedom to be a round peg in a square hole."
"but, my dear chap, you're welcome, i assure you. you're welcome." henry foster patted the assistant predestinator on the shoulder. "every one belongs to every one else, after all."
one hundred repetitions three nights a week for four years, thought bernard marx, who was a specialist on hypnopdia. sixty-two thousand four hundred repetitions make one truth. idiots!
"or the caste system. constantly proposed, constantly rejected. there was something called democracy. as though men were more than physico-chemically equal."
"well, all i can say is that i'm going to accept his invitation."
bernard hated them, hated them. but they were two, they were large, they were strong.
"the nine years' war began in a.f. 141."
"not even if it were true about the alcohol in his blood-surrogate."
"phosgene, chloropicrin, ethyl iodoacetate, diphenylcyanarsine, trichlormethyl, chloroformate, dichlorethyl sulphide. not to mention hydrocyanic acid."
"which i simply don't believe," lenina concluded.
"the noise of fourteen thousand aeroplanes advancing in open order. but in the kurfurstendamm and the eighth arrondissement, the explosion of the anthrax bombs is hardly louder than the popping of a paper bag."
"because i do want to see a savage reservation."
ch3c6h2(no2)3hg(cno)2well, what? an enormous hole in the ground, a pile of masonry, some bits of flesh and mucus, a foot, with the boot still on it, flying through the air and landing, flop, in the middle of the geraniums-the scarlet ones; such a splendid show that summer!
"you're hopeless, lenina, i give you up."
"the russian technique for infecting water supplies was particularly ingenious."
back turned to back, fanny and lenina continued their changing in silence.
"the nine years' war, the great economic collapse. there was a choice between world control and destruction. between stability and ..."
"fanny crowne's a nice girl too," said the assistant predestinator.
in the nurseries, the elementary class consciousness lesson was over, the voices were adapting future demand to future industrial supply. "i do love flying," they whispered, "i do love flying, i do love having new clothes, i do love ..."
"liberalism, of course, was dead of anthrax, but all the same you couldn't do things by force."
"not nearly so pneumatic as lenina. oh, not nearly."
"but old clothes are beastly," continued the untiring whisper. "we always throw away old clothes. ending is better than mending, ending is better than mending, ending is better ..."
"government's an affair of sitting, not hitting. you rule with the brains and the buttocks, never with the fists. for example, there was the conscription of consumption."
"there, i'm ready," said lenina, but fanny remained speechless and averted. "let's make peace, fanny darling."
"every man, woman and child compelled to consume so much a year. in the interests of industry. the sole result ..."
"ending is better than mending. the more stitches, the less riches; the more stitches ..."
"one of these days," said fanny, with dismal emphasis, "you'll get into trouble."
"conscientious objection on an enormous scale. anything not to consume. back to nature."
"i do love flying. i do love flying."
"back to culture. yes, actually to culture. you can't consume much if you sit still and read books."
"do i look all right?" lenina asked. her jacket was made of bottle green acetate cloth with green viscose fur; at the cuffs and collar.
"eight hundred simple lifers were mowed down by machine guns at golders green."
"ending is better than mending, ending is better than mending."
green corduroy shorts and white viscose-woollen stockings turned down below the knee.
"then came the famous british museum massacre. two thousand culture fans gassed with dichlorethyl sulphide."
a green-and-white jockey cap shaded lenina's eyes; her shoes were bright green and highly polished.
"in the end," said mustapha mond, "the controllers realized that force was no good. the slower but infinitely surer methods of ectogenesis, neo-pavlovian conditioning and hypnopdia ..."
and round her waist she wore a silver-mounted green morocco-surrogate cartridge belt, bulging (for lenina was not a freemartin) with the regulation supply of contraceptives.
"the discoveries of pfitzner and kawaguchi were at last made use of. an intensive propaganda against viviparous reproduction ..."
"perfect!" cried fanny enthusiastically. she could never resist lenina's charm for long. "and what a perfectly sweet malthusian belt!"
"accompanied by a campaign against the past; by the closing of museums, the blowing up of historical monuments (luckily most of them had already been destroyed during the nine years' war); by the suppression of all books published before a.f. 15o.''
"i simply must get one like it," said fanny.
"there were some things called the pyramids, for example.
"my old black-patent bandolier ..."
"and a man called shakespeare. you've never heard of them of course."
"it's an absolute disgrace-that bandolier of mine."
"such are the advantages of a really scientific education."
"the more stitches the less riches; the more stitches the less ..."
"the introduction of our ford's first t-model ..."
"i've had it nearly three months."
"chosen as the opening date of the new era."
"ending is better than mending; ending is better ..."
"there was a thing, as i've said before, called christianity."
"ending is better than mending."
"the ethics and philosophy of under-consumption ..."
"i love new clothes, i love new clothes, i love ..."
"so essential when there was under-production; but in an age of machines and the fixation of nitrogen-positively a crime against society."
"henry foster gave it me."
"all crosses had their tops cut and became t's. there was also a thing called god."
"it's real morocco-surrogate."
"we have the world state now. and ford's day celebrations, and community sings, and solidarity services."
"ford, how i hate them!" bernard marx was thinking.
"there was a thing called heaven; but all the same they used to drink enormous quantities of alcohol."
"like meat, like so much meat."
"there was a thing called the soul and a thing called immortality."
"do ask henry where he got it."
"but they used to take morphia and cocaine."
"and what makes it worse, she thinks of herself as meat."
"two thousand pharmacologists and bio-chemists were subsidized in a.p. 178."
"he does look glum," said the assistant predestinator, pointing at bernard marx.
"six years later it was being produced commercially. the perfect drug."
"let's bait him."
"euphoric, narcotic, pleasantly hallucinant."
"glum, marx, glum." the clap on the shoulder made him start, look up. it was that brute henry foster. "what you need is a gramme of soma."
"all the advantages of christianity and alcohol; none of their defects."
"ford, i should like to kill him!" but all he did was to say, "no, thank you," and fend off the proffered tube of tablets.
"take a holiday from reality whenever you like, and come back without so much as a headache or a mythology."
"take it," insisted henry foster, "take it."
"stability was practically assured."
"one cubic centimetre cures ten gloomy sentiments," said the assistant predestinator citing a piece of homely hypnopdic wisdom.
"it only remained to conquer old age."
"damn you, damn you!" shouted bernard marx.
"hoity-toity."
"gonadal hormones, transfusion of young blood, magnesium salts ..."
"and do remember that a gramme is better than a damn." they went out, laughing.
"all the physiological stigmata of old age have been abolished. and along with them, of course ..."
"don't forget to ask him about that malthusian belt," said fanny.
"along with them all the old man's mental peculiarities. characters remain constant throughout a whole lifetime."
"... two rounds of obstacle golf to get through before dark. i must fly."
"work, play-at sixty our powers and tastes are what they were at seventeen. old men in the bad old days used to renounce, retire, take to religion, spend their time reading, thinking-thinking!"
"idiots, swine!" bernard marx was saying to himself, as he walked down the corridor to the lift.
"now-such is progress-the old men work, the old men copulate, the old men have no time, no leisure from pleasure, not a moment to sit down and think-or if ever by some unlucky chance such a crevice of time should yawn in the solid substance of their distractions, there is always soma, delicious soma, half a gramme for a half-holiday, a gramme for a week-end, two grammes for a trip to the gorgeous east, three for a dark eternity on the moon; returning whence they find themselves on the other side of the crevice, safe on the solid ground of daily labour and distraction, scampering from feely to feely, from girl to pneumatic girl, from electromagnetic golf course to ..."
"go away, little girl," shouted the d.h.c. angrily. "go away, little boy! can't you see that his fordship's busy? go and do your erotic play somewhere else."
"suffer little children," said the controller.
slowly, majestically, with a faint humming of machinery, the conveyors moved forward, thirty-three centimters an hour. in the red darkness glinted innumerable rubies.
the lift was crowded with men from the alpha changing rooms, and lenina's entry was greeted by many friendly nods and smiles. she was a popular girl and, at one time or another, had spent a night with almost all of them.
they were dear boys, she thought, as she returned their salutations. charming boys! still, she did wish that george edzel's ears weren't quite so big (perhaps he'd been given just a spot too much parathyroid at metre 328?). and looking at benito hoover, she couldn't help remembering that he was really too hairy when he took his clothes off.
turning, with eyes a little saddened by the recollection, of benito's curly blackness, she saw in a corner the small thin body, the melancholy face of bernard marx.
"bernard!" she stepped up to him. "i was looking for you." her voice rang clear above the hum of the mounting lift. the others looked round curiously. "i wanted to talk to you about our new mexico plan." out of the tail of her eye she could see benito hoover gaping with astonishment. the gape annoyed her. "surprised i shouldn't be begging to go with him again!" she said to herself. then aloud, and more warmly than ever, "i'd simply love to come with you for a week in july," she went on. (anyhow, she was publicly proving her unfaithfulness to henry. fanny ought to be pleased, even though it was bernard.) "that is," lenina gave him her most deliciously significant smile, "if you still want to have me."
bernard's pale face flushed. "what on earth for?" she wondered, astonished, but at the same time touched by this strange tribute to her power.
"hadn't we better talk about it somewhere else?" he stammered, looking horribly uncomfortable.
"as though i'd been saying something shocking," thought lenina. "he couldn't look more upset if i'd made a dirty joke-asked him who his mother was, or something like that."
"i mean, with all these people about ..." he was choked with confusion.
lenina's laugh was frank and wholly unmalicious. "how funny you are!" she said; and she quite genuinely did think him funny. "you'll give me at least a week's warning, won't you," she went on in another tone. "i suppose we take the blue pacific rocket? does it start from the charing-t tower? or is it from hampstead?"
before bernard could answer, the lift came to a standstill.
"roof!" called a creaking voice.
the liftman was a small simian creature, dressed in the black tunic of an epsilon-minus semi-moron.
"roof!"
he flung open the gates. the warm glory of afternoon sunlight made him start and blink his eyes. "oh, roof!" he repeated in a voice of rapture. he was as though suddenly and joyfully awakened from a dark annihilating stupor. "roof!"
he smiled up with a kind of doggily expectant adoration into the faces of his passengers. talking and laughing together, they stepped out into the light. the liftman looked after them.
"roof?" he said once more, questioningly.
then a bell rang, and from the ceiling of the lift a loud speaker began, very softly and yet very imperiously, to issue its commands.
"go down," it said, "go down. floor eighteen. go down, go down. floor eighteen. go down, go ..."
the liftman slammed the gates, touched a button and instantly dropped back into the droning twilight of the well, the twilight of his own habitual stupor.
it was warm and bright on the roof. the summer afternoon was drowsy with the hum of passing helicopters; and the deeper drone of the rocket-planes hastening, invisible, through the bright sky five or six miles overhead was like a caress on the soft air. bernard marx drew a deep breath. he looked up into the sky and round the blue horizon and finally down into lenina's face.
"isn't it beautiful!" his voice trembled a little.
she smiled at him with an expression of the most sympathetic understanding. "simply perfect for obstacle golf," she answered rapturously. "and now i must fly, bernard. henry gets cross if i keep him waiting. let me know in good time about the date." and waving her hand she ran away across the wide flat roof towards the hangars. bernard stood watching the retreating twinkle of the white stockings, the sunburnt knees vivaciously bending and unbending again, again, and the softer rolling of those well-fitted corduroy shorts beneath the bottle green jacket. his face wore an expression of pain.
"i should say she was pretty," said a loud and cheery voice just behind him.
bernard started and looked around. the chubby red face of benito hoover was beaming down at him-beaming with manifest cordiality. benito was notoriously good-natured. people said of him that he could have got through life without ever touching soma. the malice and bad tempers from which other people had to take holidays never afflicted him. reality for benito was always sunny.
"pneumatic too. and how!" then, in another tone: "but, i say," he went on, "you do look glum! what you need is a gramme of soma." diving into his right-hand trouser-pocket, benito produced a phial. "one cubic centimetre cures ten gloomy ... but, i say!"
bernard had suddenly turned and rushed away.
benito stared after him. "what can be the matter with the fellow?" he wondered, and, shaking his head, decided that the story about the alcohol having been put into the poor chap's blood-surrogate must be true. "touched his brain, i suppose."
he put away the soma bottle, and taking out a packet of sex-hormone chewing-gum, stuffed a plug into his cheek and walked slowly away towards the hangars, ruminating.
henry foster had had his machine wheeled out of its lock-up and, when lenina arrived, was already seated in the cockpit, waiting.
"four minutes late," was all his comment, as she climbed in beside him. he started the engines and threw the helicopter screws into gear. the machine shot vertically into the air. henry accelerated; the humming of the propeller shrilled from hornet to wasp, from wasp to mosquito; the speedometer showed that they were rising at the best part of two kilometres a minute. london diminished beneath them. the huge table-topped buildings were no more, in a few seconds, than a bed of geometrical mushrooms sprouting from the green of park and garden. in the midst of them, thin-stalked, a taller, slenderer fungus, the charing-t tower lifted towards the sky a disk of shining concrete.
like the vague torsos of fabulous athletes, huge fleshy clouds lolled on the blue air above their heads. out of one of them suddenly dropped a small scarlet insect, buzzing as it fell.
"there's the red rocket," said henry, "just come in from new york." looking at his watch. "seven minutes behind time," he added, and shook his head. "these atlantic services-they're really scandalously unpunctual."
he took his foot off the accelerator. the humming of the screws overhead dropped an octave and a half, back through wasp and hornet to bumble bee, to cockchafer, to stag-beetle. the upward rush of the machine slackened off; a moment later they were hanging motionless in the air. henry pushed at a lever; there was a click. slowly at first, then faster and faster, till it was a circular mist before their eyes, the propeller in front of them began to revolve. the wind of a horizontal speed whistled ever more shrilly in the stays. henry kept his eye on the revolution-counter; when the needle touched the twelve hundred mark, he threw the helicopter screws out of gear. the machine had enough forward momentum to be able to fly on its planes.
lenina looked down through the window in the floor between her feet. they were flying over the six kilometre zone of park-land that separated central london from its first ring of satellite suburbs. the green was maggoty with fore-shortened life. forests of centrifugal bumble-puppy towers gleamed between the trees. near shepherd's bush two thousand beta-minus mixed doubles were playing riemann-surface tennis. a double row of escalator fives courts lined the main road from notting hill to willesden. in the ealing stadium a delta gymnastic display and community sing was in progress.
"what a hideous colour khaki is," remarked lenina, voicing the hypnopdic prejudices of her caste.
the buildings of the hounslow feely studio covered seven and a half hectares. near them a black and khaki army of labourers was busy revitrifying the surface of the great west road. one of the huge travelling crucibles was being tapped as they flew over. the molten stone poured out in a stream of dazzling incandescence across the road, the asbestos rollers came and went; at the tail of an insulated watering cart the steam rose in white clouds.
at brentford the television corporation's factory was like a small town.
"they must be changing the shift," said lenina.
like aphides and ants, the leaf-green gamma girls, the black semi-morons swarmed round the entrances, or stood in queues to take their places in the monorail tram-cars. mulberry-coloured beta-minuses came and went among the crowd. the roof of the main building was alive with the alighting and departure of helicopters.
"my word," said lenina, "i'm glad i'm not a gamma."
ten minutes later they were at stoke poges and had started their first round of obstacle golf.
 2
with eyes for the most part downcast and, if ever they lighted on a fellow creature, at once and furtively averted, bernard hastened across the roof. he was like a man pursued, but pursued by enemies he does not wish to see, lest they should seem more hostile even than he had supposed, and he himself be made to feel guiltier and even more helplessly alone.
"that horrible benito hoover!" and yet the man had meant well enough. which only made it, in a way, much worse. those who meant well behaved in the same way as those who meant badly. even lenina was making him suffer. he remembered those weeks of timid indecision, during which he had looked and longed and despaired of ever having the courage to ask her. dared he face the risk of being humiliated by a contemptuous refusal? but if she were to say yes, what rapture! well, now she had said it and he was still wretched-wretched that she should have thought it such a perfect afternoon for obstacle golf, that she should have trotted away to join henry foster, that she should have found him funny for not wanting to talk of their most private affairs in public. wretched, in a word, because she had behaved as any healthy and virtuous english girl ought to behave and not in some other, abnormal, extraordinary way.
he opened the door of his lock-up and called to a lounging couple of delta-minus attendants to come and push his machine out on to the roof. the hangars were staffed by a single bokanovsky group, and the men were twins, identically small, black and hideous. bernard gave his orders in the sharp, rather arrogant and even offensive tone of one who does not feel himself too secure in his superiority. to have dealings with members of the lower castes was always, for bernard, a most distressing experience. for whatever the cause (and the current gossip about the alcohol in his blood-surrogate may very likely-for accidents will happen-have been true) bernard's physique was hardly better than that of the average gamma. he stood eight centimetres short of the standard alpha height and was slender in proportion. contact with members of the lower castes always reminded him painfully of this physical inadequacy. "i am i, and wish i wasn't"; his self-consciousness was acute and stressing. each time he found himself looking on the level, instead of downward, into a delta's face, he felt humiliated. would the creature treat him with the respect due to his caste? the question haunted him. not without reason. for gammas, deltas and epsilons had been to some extent conditioned to associate corporeal mass with social superiority. indeed, a faint hypnopdic prejudice in favour of size was universal. hence the laughter of the women to whom he made proposals, the practical joking of his equals among the men. the mockery made him feel an outsider; and feeling an outsider he behaved like one, which increased the prejudice against him and intensified the contempt and hostility aroused by his physical defects. which in turn increased his sense of being alien and alone. a chronic fear of being slighted made him avoid his equals, made him stand, where his inferiors were concerned, self-consciously on his dignity. how bitterly he envied men like henry foster and benito hoover! men who never had to shout at an epsilon to get an order obeyed; men who took their position for granted; men who moved through the caste system as a fish through water-so utterly at home as to be unaware either of themselves or of the beneficent and comfortable element in which they had their being.
slackly, it seemed to him, and with reluctance, the twin attendants wheeled his plane out on the roof.
"hurry up!" said bernard irritably. one of them glanced at him. was that a kind of bestial derision that he detected in those blank grey eyes? "hurry up!" he shouted more loudly, and there was an ugly rasp in his voice.
he climbed into the plane and, a minute later, was flying southwards, towards the river.
the various bureaux of propaganda and the college of emotional engineering were housed in a single sixty-story building in fleet street. in the basement and on the low floors were the presses and offices of the three great london newspapers-the hourly radio, an upper-caste sheet, the pale green gamma gazette, and, on khaki paper and in words exclusively of one syllable, the delta mirror. then came the bureaux of propaganda by television, by feeling picture, and by synthetic voice and music respectively-twenty-two floors of them. above were the search laboratories and the padded rooms in which sound-track writers and synthetic composers did the delicate work. the top eighteen floors were occupied the college of emotional engineering.
bernard landed on the roof of propaganda house and stepped out.
"ring down to mr. helmholtz watson," he ordered the gamma-plus porter, "and tell him that mr. bernard marx is waiting for him on the roof."
he sat down and lit a cigarette.
helmholtz watson was writing when the message came down.
"tell him i'm coming at once," he said and hung up the receiver. then, turning to his secretary, "i'll leave you to put my things away," he went on in the same official and impersonal tone; and, ignoring her lustrous smile, got up and walked briskly to the door.
he was a powerfully built man, deep-chested, broad-shouldered, massive, and yet quick in his movements, springy and agile. the round strong pillar of his neck supported a beautifully shaped head. his hair was dark and curly, his features strongly marked. in a forcible emphatic way, he was handsome and looked, as his secretary was never tired of repeating, every centimetre an alpha plus. by profession he was a lecturer at the college of emotional engineering (department of writing) and the intervals of his educational activities, a working emotional engineer. he wrote regularly for the hourly radio, composed feely scenarios, and had the happiest knack for slogans and hypnopdic rhymes.
"able," was the verdict of his superiors. "perhaps, (and they would shake their heads, would significantly lower their voices) "a little too able."
yes, a little too able; they were right. a mental excess had produced in helmholtz watson effects very similar to those which, in bernard marx, were the result of a physical defect. too little bone and brawn had isolated bernard from his fellow men, and the sense of this apartness, being, by all the current standards, a mental excess, became in its turn a cause of wider separation. that which had made helmholtz so uncomfortably aware of being himself and all alone was too much ability. what the two men shared was the knowledge that they were individuals. but whereas the physically defective bernard had suffered all his life from the consciousness of being separate, it was only quite recently that, grown aware of his mental excess, helmholtz watson had also become aware of his difference from the people who surrounded him. this escalator-squash champion, this indefatigable lover (it was said that he had had six hundred and forty different girls in under four years), this admirable committee man and best mixer had realized quite suddenly that sport, women, communal activities were only, so far as he was concerned, second bests. really, and at the bottom, he was interested in something else. but in what? in what? that was the problem which bernard had come to discuss with him-or rather, since it was always helmholtz who did all the talking, to listen to his friend discussing, yet once more.
three charming girls from the bureau of propaganda by synthetic voice waylaid him as he stepped out of the lift.
"oh, helmholtz, darling, do come and have a picnic supper with us on exmoor." they clung round him imploringly.
he shook his head, he pushed his way through them. "no, no."
"we're not inviting any other man."
but helmholtz remained unshaken even by this delightful promise. "no," he repeated, "i'm busy." and he held resolutely on his course. the girls trailed after him. it was not till he had actually climbed into bernard's plane and slammed the door that they gave up pursuit. not without reproaches.
"these women!" he said, as the machine rose into the air. "these women!" and he shook his head, he frowned. "too awful," bernard hypocritically agreed, wishing, as he spoke the words, that he could have as many girls as helmholtz did, and with as little trouble. he was seized with a sudden urgent need to boast. "i'm taking lenina crowne to new mexico with me," he said in a tone as casual as he could make it.
"are you?" said helmholtz, with a total absence of interest. then after a little pause, "this last week or two," he went on, "i've been cutting all my committees and all my girls. you can't imagine what a hullabaloo they've been making about it at the college. still, it's been worth it, i think. the effects ..." he hesitated. "well, they're odd, they're very odd."
a physical shortcoming could produce a kind of mental excess. the process, it seemed, was reversible. mental excess could produce, for its own purposes, the voluntary blindness and deafness of deliberate solitude, the artificial impotence of asceticism.
the rest of the short flight was accomplished in silence. when they had arrived and were comfortably stretched out on the pneumatic sofas in bernard's room, helmholtz began again.
speaking very slowly, "did you ever feel," he asked, "as though you had something inside you that was only waiting for you to give it a chance to come out? some sort of extra power that you aren't using-you know, like all the water that goes down the falls instead of through the turbines?" he looked at bernard questioningly.
"you mean all the emotions one might be feeling if things were different?"
helmholtz shook his head. "not quite. i'm thinking of a queer feeling i sometimes get, a feeling that i've got something important to say and the power to say it-only i don't know what it is, and i can't make any use of the power. if there was some different way of writing ... or else something else to write about ..." he was silent; then, "you see," he went on at last, "i'm pretty good at inventing phrases-you know, the sort of words that suddenly make you jump, almost as though you'd sat on a pin, they seem so new and exciting even though they're about something hypnopdically obvious. but that doesn't seem enough. it's not enough for the phrases to be good; what you make with them ought to be good too."
"but your things are good, helmholtz."
"oh, as far as they go." helmholtz shrugged his shoulders. "but they go such a little way. they aren't important enough, somehow. i feel i could do something much more important. yes, and more intense, more violent. but what? what is there more important to say? and how can one be violent about the sort of things one's expected to write about? words can be like x-rays, if you use them properly-they'll go through anything. you read and you're pierced. that's one of the things i try to teach my students-how to write piercingly. but what on earth's the good of being pierced by an article about a community sing, or the latest improvement in scent organs? besides, can you make words really piercing-you know, like the very hardest x-rays-when you're writing about that sort of thing? can you say something about nothing? that's what it finally boils down to. i try and i try ..."
"hush!" said bernard suddenly, and lifted a warning finger; they listened. "i believe there's somebody at the door," he whispered.
helmholtz got up, tiptoed across the room, and with a sharp quick movement flung the door wide open. there was, of course, nobody there.
"i'm sorry," said bernard, feeling and looking uncomfortably foolish. "i suppose i've got things on my nerves a bit. when people are suspicious with you, you start being suspicious with them."
he passed his hand across his eyes, he sighed, his voice became plaintive. he was justifying himself. "if you knew what i'd had to put up with recently," he said almost tearfully-and the uprush of his self-pity was like a fountain suddenly released. "if you only knew!"
helmholtz watson listened with a certain sense of discomfort. "poor little bernard!" he said to himself. but at the same time he felt rather ashamed for his friend. he wished bernard would show a little more pride.
by eight o'clock the light was failing. the loud speaker in the tower of the stoke poges club house began, in a more than human tenor, to announce the closing of the courses. lenina and henry abandoned their game and walked back towards the club. from the grounds of the internal and external secretion trust came the lowing of those thousands of cattle which provided, with their hormones and their milk, the raw materials for the great factory at farnham royal.
an incessant buzzing of helicopters filled the twilight. every two and a half minutes a bell and the screech of whistles announced the departure of one of the light monorail trains which carried the lower caste golfers back from their separate course to the metropolis.
lenina and henry climbed into their machine and started off. at eight hundred feet henry slowed down the helicopter screws, and they hung for a minute or two poised above the fading landscape. the forest of burnham beeches stretched like a great pool of darkness towards the bright shore of the western sky. crimson at the horizon, the last of the sunset faded, through orange, upwards into yellow and a pale watery green. northwards, beyond and above the trees, the internal and external secretions factory glared with a fierce electric brilliance from every window of its twenty stories. beneath them lay the buildings of the golf club-the huge lower caste barracks and, on the other side of a dividing wall, the smaller houses reserved for alpha and beta members. the approaches to the monorail station were black with the ant-like pullulation of lower-caste activity. from under the glass vault a lighted train shot out into the open. following its southeasterly course across the dark plain their eyes were drawn to the majestic buildings of the slough crematorium. for the safety of night-flying planes, its four tall chimneys were flood-lighted and tipped with crimson danger signals. it was a landmark.
"why do the smoke-stacks have those things like balconies around them?" enquired lenina.
"phosphorus recovery," explained henry telegraphically. "on their way up the chimney the gases go through four separate treatments. p2o5 used to go right out of circulation every time they cremated some one. now they recover over ninety-eight per cent of it. more than a kilo and a half per adult corpse. which makes the best part of four hundred tons of phosphorus every year from england alone." henry spoke with a happy pride, rejoicing whole-heartedly in the achievement, as though it had been his own. "fine to think we can go on being socially useful even after we're dead. making plants grow."
lenina, meanwhile, had turned her eyes away and was looking perpendicularly downwards at the monorail station. "fine," she agreed. "but queer that alphas and betas won't make any more plants grow than those nasty little gammas and deltas and epsilons down there."
"all men are physico-chemically equal," said henry sententiously. "besides, even epsilons perform indispensable services."
"even an epsilon ..." lenina suddenly remembered an occasion when, as a little girl at school, she had woken up in the middle of the night and become aware, for the first time, of the whispering that had haunted all her sleeps. she saw again the beam of moonlight, the row of small white beds; heard once more the soft, soft voice that said (the words were there, unforgotten, unforgettable after so many night-long repetitions): "every one works for every one else. we can't do without any one. even epsilons are useful. we couldn't do without epsilons. every one works for every one else. we can't do without any one ..." lenina remembered her first shock of fear and surprise; her speculations through half a wakeful hour; and then, under the influence of those endless repetitions, the gradual soothing of her mind, the soothing, the smoothing, the stealthy creeping of sleep. ...
"i suppose epsilons don't really mind being epsilons," she said aloud.
"of course they don't. how can they? they don't know what it's like being anything else. we'd mind, of course. but then we've been differently conditioned. besides, we start with a different heredity."
"i'm glad i'm not an epsilon," said lenina, with conviction.
"and if you were an epsilon," said henry, "your conditioning would have made you no less thankful that you weren't a beta or an alpha." he put his forward propeller into gear and headed the machine towards london. behind them, in the west, the crimson and orange were almost faded; a dark bank of cloud had crept into the zenith. as they flew over the crematorium, the plane shot upwards on the column of hot air rising from the chimneys, only to fall as suddenly when it passed into the descending chill beyond.
"what a marvellous switchback!" lenina laughed delightedly.
but henry's tone was almost, for a moment, melancholy. "do you know what that switchback was?" he said. "it was some human being finally and definitely disappearing. going up in a squirt of hot gas. it would be curious to know who it was-a man or a woman, an alpha or an epsilon. ..." he sighed. then, in a resolutely cheerful voice, "anyhow," he concluded, "there's one thing we can be certain of; whoever he may have been, he was happy when he was alive. everybody's happy now."
"yes, everybody's happy now," echoed lenina. they had heard the words repeated a hundred and fifty times every night for twelve years.
landing on the roof of henry's forty-story apartment house in westminster, they went straight down to the dining-hall. there, in a loud and cheerful company, they ate an excellent meal. soma was served with the coffee. lenina took two half-gramme tablets and henry three. at twenty past nine they walked across the street to the newly opened westminster abbey cabaret. it was a night almost without clouds, moonless and starry; but of this on the whole depressing fact lenina and henry were fortunately unaware. the electric sky-signs effectively shut off the outer darkness. "calvin stopes and his sixteen sexophonists." from the faade of the new abbey the giant letters invitingly glared. "london's finest scent and colour organ. all the latest synthetic music."
they entered. the air seemed hot and somehow breathless with the scent of ambergris and sandalwood. on the domed ceiling of the hall, the colour organ had momentarily painted a tropical sunset. the sixteen sexophonists were playing an old favourite: "there ain't no bottle in all the world like that dear little bottle of mine." four hundred couples were five-stepping round the polished floor. lenina and henry were soon the four hundred and first. the saxophones wailed like melodious cats under the moon, moaned in the alto and tenor registers as though the little death were upon them. rich with a wealth of harmonics, their tremulous chorus mounted towards a climax, louder and ever louder-until at last, with a wave of his hand, the conductor let loose the final shattering note of ether-music and blew the sixteen merely human blowers clean out of existence. thunder in a flat major. and then, in all but silence, in all but darkness, there followed a gradual deturgescence, a diminuendo sliding gradually, through quarter tones, down, down to a faintly whispered dominant chord that lingered on (while the five-four rhythms still pulsed below) charging the darkened seconds with an intense expectancy. and at last expectancy was fulfilled. there was a sudden explosive sunrise, and simultaneously, the sixteen burst into song:
"bottle of mine, it's you i've always wanted!
bottle of mine, why was i ever decanted?
  skies are blue inside of you,
  the weather's always fine;
for
there ain't no bottle in all the world
like that dear little bottle of mine."
five-stepping with the other four hundred round and round westminster abbey, lenina and henry were yet dancing in another world-the warm, the richly coloured, the infinitely friendly world of soma-holiday. how kind, how good-looking, how delightfully amusing every one was! "bottle of mine, it's you i've always wanted ..." but lenina and henry had what they wanted ... they were inside, here and now-safely inside with the fine weather, the perennially blue sky. and when, exhausted, the sixteen had laid by their saxophones and the synthetic music apparatus was producing the very latest in slow malthusian blues, they might have been twin embryos gently rocking together on the waves of a bottled ocean of blood-surrogate.
"good-night, dear friends. good-night, dear friends." the loud speakers veiled their commands in a genial and musical politeness. "good-night, dear friends ..."
obediently, with all the others, lenina and henry left the building. the depressing stars had travelled quite some way across the heavens. but though the separating screen of the sky-signs had now to a great extent dissolved, the two young people still retained their happy ignorance of the night.
swallowing half an hour before closing time, that second dose of soma had raised a quite impenetrable wall between the actual universe and their minds. bottled, they crossed the street; bottled, they took the lift up to henry's room on the twenty-eighth floor. and yet, bottled as she was, and in spite of that second gramme of soma, lenina did not forget to take all the contraceptive precautions prescribed by the regulations. years of intensive hypnopdia and, from twelve to seventeen, malthusian drill three times a week had made the taking of these precautions almost as automatic and inevitable as blinking.
"oh, and that reminds me," she said, as she came back from the bathroom, "fanny crowne wants to know where you found that lovely green morocco-surrogate cartridge belt you gave me."
 2
alternate thursdays were bernard's solidarity service days. after an early dinner at the aphroditzeum (to which helrnholtz had recently been elected under rule two) he took leave of his friend and, hailing a taxi on the roof told the man to fly to the fordson community singery. the machine rose a couple of hundred metres, then headed eastwards, and as it turned, there before bernard's eyes, gigantically beautiful, was the singery. flood-lighted, its three hundred and twenty metres of white carrara-surrogate gleamed with a snowy incandescence over ludgate hill; at each of the four corners of its helicopter platform an immense t shone crimson against the night, and from the mouths of twenty-four vast golden trumpets rumbled a solemn synthetic music.
"damn, i'm late," bernard said to himself as he first caught sight of big henry, the singery clock. and sure enough, as he was paying off his cab, big henry sounded the hour. "ford," sang out an immense bass voice from all the golden trumpets. "ford, ford, ford ..." nine times. bernard ran for the lift.
the great auditorium for ford's day celebrations and other massed community sings was at the bottom of the building. above it, a hundred to each floor, were the seven thousand rooms used by solidarity groups for their fortnight services. bernard dropped down to floor thirty-three, hurried along the corridor, stood hesitating for a moment outside room 3210, then, having wound himself up, opened the door and walked in.
thank ford! he was not the last. three chairs of the twelve arranged round the circular table were still unoccupied. he slipped into the nearest of them as inconspicuously as he could and prepared to frown at the yet later comers whenever they should arrive.
turning towards him, "what were you playing this afternoon?" the girl on his left enquired. "obstacle, or electro-magnetic?"
bernard looked at her (ford! it was morgana rothschild) and blushingly had to admit that he had been playing neither. morgana stared at him with astonishment. there was an awkward silence.
then pointedly she turned away and addressed herself to the more sporting man on her left.
"a good beginning for a solidarity service," thought bernard miserably, and foresaw for himself yet another failure to achieve atonement. if only he had given himself time to look around instead of scuttling for the nearest chair! he could have sat between fifi bradlaugh and joanna diesel. instead of which he had gone and blindly planted himself next to morgana. morgana! ford! those black eyebrows of hers-that eyebrow, rather-for they met above the nose. ford! and on his right was clara deterding. true, clara's eyebrows didn't meet. but she was really too pneumatic. whereas fifi and joanna were absolutely right. plump, blonde, not too large ... and it was that great lout, tom kawaguchi, who now took the seat between them.
the last arrival was sarojini engels.
"you're late," said the president of the group severely. "don't let it happen again."
sarojini apologized and slid into her place between jim bokanovsky and herbert bakunin. the group was now complete, the solidarity circle perfect and without flaw. man, woman, man, in a ring of endless alternation round the table. twelve of them ready to be made one, waiting to come together, to be fused, to lose their twelve separate identities in a larger being.
the president stood up, made the sign of the t and, switching on the synthetic music, let loose the soft indefatigable beating of drums and a choir of instruments-near-wind and super-string-that plangently repeated and repeated the brief and unescapably haunting melody of the first solidarity hymn. again, again-and it was not the ear that heard the pulsing rhythm, it was the midriff; the wail and clang of those recurring harmonies haunted, not the mind, but the yearning bowels of compassion.
the president made another sign of the t and sat down. the service had begun. the dedicated soma tablets were placed in the centre of the table. the loving cup of strawberry ice-cream soma was passed from hand to hand and, with the formula, "i drink to my annihilation," twelve times quaffed. then to the accompaniment of the synthetic orchestra the first solidarity hymn was sung.
"ford, we are twelve; oh, make us one,
  like drops within the social river,
oh, make us now together run
  as swiftly as thy shining flivver."
twelve yearning stanzas. and then the loving cup was passed a second time. "i drink to the greater being" was now the formula. all drank. tirelessly the music played. the drums beat. the crying and clashing of the harmonies were an obsession in the melted bowels. the second solidarity hymn was sung.
"come, greater being, social friend,
  annihilating twelve-in-one!
we long to die, for when we end,
  our larger life has but begun."
again twelve stanzas. by this time the soma had begun to work. eyes shone, cheeks were flushed, the inner light of universal benevolence broke out on every face in happy, friendly smiles. even bernard felt himself a little melted. when morgana rothschild turned and beamed at him, he did his best to beam back. but the eyebrow, that black two-in-one-alas, it was still there; he couldn't ignore it, couldn't, however hard he tried. the melting hadn't gone far enough. perhaps if he had been sitting between fifi and joanna ... for the third time the loving cup went round; "i drink to the imminence of his coming," said morgana rothschild, whose turn it happened to be to initiate the circular rite. her tone was loud, exultant. she drank and passed the cup to bernard. "i drink to the imminence of his coming," he repeated, with a sincere attempt to feel that the coming was imminent; but the eyebrow continued to haunt him, and the coming, so far as he was concerned, was horribly remote. he drank and handed the cup to clara deterding. "it'll be a failure again," he said to himself. "i know it will." but he went on doing his best to beam.
the loving cup had made its circuit. lifting his hand, the president gave a signal; the chorus broke out into the third solidarity hymn.
"feel how the greater being comes!
  rejoice and, in rejoicings, die!
melt in the music of the drums!
  for i am you and you are i."
as verse succeeded verse the voices thrilled with an ever intenser excitement. the sense of the coming's imminence was like an electric tension in the air. the president switched off the music and, with the final note of the final stanza, there was absolute silence-the silence of stretched expectancy, quivering and creeping with a galvanic life. the president reached out his hand; and suddenly a voice, a deep strong voice, more musical than any merely human voice, richer, warmer, more vibrant with love and yearning and compassion, a wonderful, mysterious, supernatural voice spoke from above their heads. very slowly, "oh, ford, ford, ford," it said diminishingly and on a descending scale. a sensation of warmth radiated thrillingly out from the solar plexus to every extremity of the bodies of those who listened; tears came into their eyes; their hearts, their bowels seemed to move within them, as though with an independent life. "ford!" they were melting, "ford!" dissolved, dissolved. then, in another tone, suddenly, startlingly. "listen!" trumpeted the voice. "listen!" they listened. after a pause, sunk to a whisper, but a whisper, somehow, more penetrating than the loudest cry. "the feet of the greater being," it went on, and repeated the words: "the feet of the greater being." the whisper almost expired. "the feet of the greater being are on the stairs." and once more there was silence; and the expectancy, momentarily relaxed, was stretched again, tauter, tauter, almost to the tearing point. the feet of the greater being-oh, they heard them, they heard them, coming softly down the stairs, coming nearer and nearer down the invisible stairs. the feet of the greater being. and suddenly the tearing point was reached. her eyes staring, her lips parted. morgana rothschild sprang to her feet.
"i hear him," she cried. "i hear him."
"he's coming," shouted sarojini engels.
"yes, he's coming, i hear him." fifi bradlaugh and tom kawaguchi rose simultaneously to their feet.
"oh, oh, oh!" joanna inarticulately testified.
"he's coming!" yelled jim bokanovsky.
the president leaned forward and, with a touch, released a delirium of cymbals and blown brass, a fever of tom-tomming.
"oh, he's coming!" screamed clara deterding. "aie!" and it was as though she were having her throat cut.
feeling that it was time for him to do something, bernard also jumped up and shouted: "i hear him; he's coming." but it wasn't true. he heard nothing and, for him, nobody was coming. nobody-in spite of the music, in spite of the mounting excitement. but he waved his arms, he shouted with the best of them; and when the others began to jig and stamp and shuffle, he also jigged and shuffled.
round they went, a circular procession of dancers, each with hands on the hips of the dancer preceding, round and round, shouting in unison, stamping to the rhythm of the music with their feet, beating it, beating it out with hands on the buttocks in front; twelve pairs of hands beating as one; as one, twelve buttocks slabbily resounding. twelve as one, twelve as one. "i hear him, i hear him coming." the music quickened; faster beat the feet, faster, faster fell the rhythmic hands. and all at once a great synthetic bass boomed out the words which announced the approaching atonement and final consummation of solidarity, the coming of the twelve-in-one, the incarnation of the greater being. "orgy-porgy," it sang, while the tom-toms continued to beat their feverish tattoo:
"orgy-porgy, ford and fun,
kiss the girls and make them one.
boys at 0ne with girls at peace;
orgy-porgy gives release."
"orgy-porgy," the dancers caught up the liturgical refrain, "orgy-porgy, ford and fun, kiss the girls ..." and as they sang, the lights began slowly to fade-to fade and at the same time to grow warmer, richer, redder, until at last they were dancing in the crimson twilight of an embryo store. "orgy-porgy ..." in their blood-coloured and foetal darkness the dancers continued for a while to circulate, to beat and beat out the indefatigable rhythm. "orgy-porgy ..." then the circle wavered, broke, fell in partial disintegration on the ring of couches which surrounded-circle enclosing circle-the table and its planetary chairs. "orgy-porgy ..." tenderly the deep voice crooned and cooed; in the red twilight it was as though some enormous negro dove were hovering benevolently over the now prone or supine dancers.
they were standing on the roof; big henry had just sung eleven. the night was calm and warm.
"wasn't it wonderful?" said fifi bradlaugh. "wasn't it simply wonderful?" she looked at bernard with an expression of rapture, but of rapture in which there was no trace of agitation or excitement-for to be excited is still to be unsatisfied. hers was the calm ecstasy of achieved consummation, the peace, not of mere vacant satiety and nothingness, but of balanced life, of energies at rest and in equilibrium. a rich and living peace. for the solidarity service had given as well as taken, drawn off only to replenish. she was full, she was made perfect, she was still more than merely herself. "didn't you think it was wonderful?" she insisted, looking into bernard's face with those supernaturally shining eyes.
"yes, i thought it was wonderful," he lied and looked away; the sight of her transfigured face was at once an accusation and an ironical reminder of his own separateness. he was as miserably isolated now as he had been when the service began-more isolated by reason of his unreplenished emptiness, his dead satiety. separate and unatoned, while the others were being fused into the greater being; alone even in morgana's embrace-much more alone, indeed, more hopelessly himself than he had ever been in his life before. he had emerged from that crimson twilight into the common electric glare with a self-consciousness intensified to the pitch of agony. he was utterly miserable, and perhaps (her shining eyes accused him), perhaps it was his own fault. "quite wonderful," he repeated; but the only thing he could think of was morgana's eyebrow.
odd, odd, odd, was lenina's verdict on bernard marx. so odd, indeed, that in the course of the succeeding weeks she had wondered more than once whether she shouldn't change her mind about the new mexico holiday, and go instead to the north pole with benito hoover. the trouble was that she knew the north pole, had been there with george edzel only last summer, and what was more, found it pretty grim. nothing to do, and the hotel too hopelessly old-fashioned-no television laid on in the bedrooms, no scent organ, only the most putrid synthetic music, and not more than twenty-five escalator-squash courts for over two hundred guests. no, decidedly she couldn't face the north pole again. added to which, she had only been to america once before. and even then, how inadequately! a cheap week-end in new york-had it been with jean-jacques habibullah or bokanovsky jones? she couldn't remember. anyhow, it was of absolutely no importance. the prospect of flying west again, and for a whole week, was very inviting. moreover, for at least three days of that week they would be in the savage reservation. not more than half a dozen people in the whole centre had ever been inside a savage reservation. as an alpha-plus psychologist, bernard was one of the few men she knew entitled to a permit. for lenina, the opportunity was unique. and yet, so unique also was bernard's oddness that she had hesitated to take it, had actually thought of risking the pole again with funny old benito. at least benito was normal. whereas bernard ...
"alcohol in his blood-surrogate," was fanny's explanation of every eccentricity. but henry, with whom, one evening when they were in bed together, lenina had rather anxiously discussed her new lover, henry had compared poor bernard to a rhinoceros.
"you can't teach a rhinoceros tricks," he had explained in his brief and vigorous style. "some men are almost rhinoceroses; they don't respond properly to conditioning. poor devils! bernard's one of them. luckily for him, he's pretty good at his job. otherwise the director would never have kept him. however," he added consolingly, "i think he's pretty harmless."
pretty harmless, perhaps; but also pretty disquieting. that mania, to start with, for doing things in private. which meant, in practice, not doing anything at all. for what was there that one could do in private. (apart, of course, from going to bed: but one couldn't do that all the time.) yes, what was there? precious little. the first afternoon they went out together was particularly fine. lenina had suggested a swim at toquay country club followed by dinner at the oxford union. but bernard thought there would be too much of a crowd. then what about a round of electro-magnetic golf at st. andrew's? but again, no: bernard considered that electro-magnetic golf was a waste of time.
"then what's time for?" asked lenina in some astonishment.
apparently, for going walks in the lake district; for that was what he now proposed. land on the top of skiddaw and walk for a couple of hours in the heather. "alone with you, lenina."
"but, bernard, we shall be alone all night."
bernard blushed and looked away. "i meant, alone for talking," he mumbled.
"talking? but what about?" walking and talking-that seemed a very odd way of spending an afternoon.
in the end she persuaded him, much against his will, to fly over to amsterdam to see the semi-demi-finals of the women's heavyweight wrestling championship.
"in a crowd," he grumbled. "as usual." he remained obstinately gloomy the whole afternoon; wouldn't talk to lenina's friends (of whom they met dozens in the ice-cream soma bar between the wrestling bouts); and in spite of his misery absolutely refused to take the half-gramme raspberry sundae which she pressed upon him. "i'd rather be myself," he said. "myself and nasty. not somebody else, however jolly."
"a gramme in time saves nine," said lenina, producing a bright treasure of sleep-taught wisdom. bernard pushed away the proffered glass impatiently.
"now don't lose your temper," she said. "remember one cubic centimetre cures ten gloomy sentiments."
"oh, for ford's sake, be quiet!" he shouted.
lenina shrugged her shoulders. "a gramme is always better than a damn," she concluded with dignity, and drank the sundae herself.
on their way back across the channel, bernard insisted on stopping his propeller and hovering on his helicopter screws within a hundred feet of the waves. the weather had taken a change for the worse; a south-westerly wind had sprung up, the sky was cloudy.
"look," he commanded.
"but it's horrible," said lenina, shrinking back from the window. she was appalled by the rushing emptiness of the night, by the black foam-flecked water heaving beneath them, by the pale face of the moon, so haggard and distracted among the hastening clouds. "let's turn on the radio. quick!" she reached for the dialling knob on the dash-board and turned it at random.
"... skies are blue inside of you," sang sixteen tremoloing falsettos, "the weather's always ..."
then a hiccough and silence. bernard had switched off the current.
"i want to look at the sea in peace," he said. "one can't even look with that beastly noise going on."
"but it's lovely. and i don't want to look."
"but i do," he insisted. "it makes me feel as though ..." he hesitated, searching for words with which to express himself, "as though i were more me, if you see what i mean. more on my own, not so completely a part of something else. not just a cell in the social body. doesn't it make you feel like that, lenina?"
but lenina was crying. "it's horrible, it's horrible," she kept repeating. "and how can you talk like that about not wanting to be a part of the social body? after all, every one works for every one else. we can't do without any one. even epsilons ..."
"yes, i know," said bernard derisively. "'even epsilons are useful'! so am i. and i damned well wish i weren't!"
lenina was shocked by his blasphemy. "bernard!" she protested in a voice of amazed distress. "how can you?"
in a different key, "how can i?" he repeated meditatively. "no, the real problem is: how is it that i can't, or rather-because, after all, i know quite well why i can't-what would it be like if i could, if i were free-not enslaved by my conditioning."
"but, bernard, you're saying the most awful things."
"don't you wish you were free, lenina?"
"i don't know what you mean. i am free. free to have the most wonderful time. everybody's happy nowadays."
he laughed, "yes, 'everybody's happy nowadays.' we begin giving the children that at five. but wouldn't you like to be free to be happy in some other way, lenina? in your own way, for example; not in everybody else's way."
"i don't know what you mean," she repeated. then, turning to him, "oh, do let's go back, bernard," she besought; "i do so hate it here."
"don't you like being with me?"
"but of course, bernard. it's this horrible place."
"i thought we'd be more ... more together here-with nothing but the sea and moon. more together than in that crowd, or even in my rooms. don't you understand that?"
"i don't understand anything," she said with decision, determined to preserve her incomprehension intact. "nothing. least of all," she continued in another tone "why you don't take soma when you have these dreadful ideas of yours. you'd forget all about them. and instead of feeling miserable, you'd be jolly. so jolly," she repeated and smiled, for all the puzzled anxiety in her eyes, with what was meant to be an inviting and voluptuous cajolery.
he looked at her in silence, his face unresponsive and very grave-looked at her intently. after a few seconds lenina's eyes flinched away; she uttered a nervous little laugh, tried to think of something to say and couldn't. the silence prolonged itself.
when bernard spoke at last, it was in a small tired voice. "all right then," he said, "we'll go back." and stepping hard on the accelerator, he sent the machine rocketing up into the sky. at four thousand he started his propeller. they flew in silence for a minute or two. then, suddenly, bernard began to laugh. rather oddly, lenina thought, but still, it was laughter.
"feeling better?" she ventured to ask.
for answer, he lifted one hand from the controls and, slipping his arm around her, began to fondle her breasts.
"thank ford," she said to herself, "he's all right again."
half an hour later they were back in his rooms. bernard swallowed four tablets of soma at a gulp, turned on the radio and television and began to undress.
"well," lenina enquired, with significant archness when they met next afternoon on the roof, "did you think it was fun yesterday?"
bernard nodded. they climbed into the plane. a little jolt, and they were off.
"every one says i'm awfully pneumatic," said lenina reflectively, patting her own legs.
"awfully." but there was an expression of pain in bernard's eyes. "like meat," he was thinking.
she looked up with a certain anxiety. "but you don't think i'm too plump, do you?"
he shook his head. like so much meat.
"you think i'm all right." another nod. "in every way?"
"perfect," he said aloud. and inwardly. "she thinks of herself that way. she doesn't mind being meat."
lenina smiled triumphantly. but her satisfaction was premature.
"all the same," he went on, after a little pause, "i still rather wish it had all ended differently."
"differently?" were there other endings?
"i didn't want it to end with our going to bed," he specified.
lenina was astonished.
"not at once, not the first day."
"but then what ...?"
he began to talk a lot of incomprehensible and dangerous nonsense. lenina did her best to stop the ears of her mind; but every now and then a phrase would insist on becoming audible. "... to try the effect of arresting my impulses," she heard him say. the words seemed to touch a spring in her mind.
"never put off till to-morrow the fun you can have to-day," she said gravely.
"two hundred repetitions, twice a week from fourteen to sixteen and a half," was all his comment. the mad bad talk rambled on. "i want to know what passion is," she heard him saying. "i want to feel something strongly."
"when the individual feels, the community reels," lenina pronounced.
"well, why shouldn't it reel a bit?"
"bernard!"
but bernard remained unabashed.
"adults intellectually and during working hours," he went on. "infants where feeling and desire are concerned."
"our ford loved infants."
ignoring the interruption. "it suddenly struck me the other day," continued bernard, "that it might be possible to be an adult all the time."
"i don't understand." lenina's tone was firm.
"i know you don't. and that's why we went to bed together yesterday-like infants-instead of being adults and waiting."
"but it was fun," lenina insisted. "wasn't it?"
"oh, the greatest fun," he answered, but in a voice so mournful, with an expression so profoundly miserable, that lenina felt all her triumph suddenly evaporate. perhaps he had found her too plump, after all.
"i told you so," was all that fanny said, when lenina came and made her confidences. "it's the alcohol they put in his surrogate."
"all the same," lenina insisted. "i do like him. he has such awfully nice hands. and the way he moves his shoulders-that's very attractive." she sighed. "but i wish he weren't so odd."
 2
halting for a moment outside the door of the director's room, bernard drew a deep breath and squared his shoulders, bracing himself to meet the dislike and disapproval which he was certain of finding within. he knocked and entered.
"a permit for you to initial, director," he said as airily as possible, and laid the paper on the writing-table.
the director glanced at him sourly. but the stamp of the world controller's office was at the head of the paper and the signature of mustapha mond, bold and black, across the bottom. everything was perfectly in order. the director had no choice. he pencilled his initials-two small pale letters abject at the feet of mustapha mond-and was about to return the paper without a word of comment or genial ford-speed, when his eye was caught by something written in the body of the permit.
"for the new mexican reservation?" he said, and his tone, the face he lifted to bernard, expressed a kind of agitated astonishment.
surprised by his surprise, bernard nodded. there was a silence.
the director leaned back in his chair, frowning. "how long ago was it?" he said, speaking more to himself than to bernard. "twenty years, i suppose. nearer twenty-five. i must have been your age ..." he sighed and shook his head.
bernard felt extremely uncomfortable. a man so conventional, so scrupulously correct as the director-and to commit so gross a solecism! lt made him want to hide his face, to run out of the room. not that he himself saw anything intrinsically objectionable in people talking about the remote past; that was one of those hypnopdic prejudices he had (so he imagined) completely got rid of. what made him feel shy was the knowledge that the director disapproved-disapproved and yet had been betrayed into doing the forbidden thing. under what inward compulsion? through his discomfort bernard eagerly listened.
"i had the same idea as you," the director was saying. "wanted to have a look at the savages. got a permit for new mexico and went there for my summer holiday. with the girl i was having at the moment. she was a beta-minus, and i think" (he shut his eyes), "i think she had yellow hair. anyhow she was pneumatic, particularly pneumatic; i remember that. well, we went there, and we looked at the savages, and we rode about on horses and all that. and then-it was almost the last day of my leave-then ... well, she got lost. we'd gone riding up one of those revolting mountains, and it was horribly hot and oppressive, and after lunch we went to sleep. or at least i did. she must have gone for a walk, alone. at any rate, when i woke up, she wasn't there. and the most frightful thunderstorm i've ever seen was just bursting on us. and it poured and roared and flashed; and the horses broke loose and ran away; and i fell down, trying to catch them, and hurt my knee, so that i could hardly walk. still, i searched and i shouted and i searched. but there was no sign of her. then i thought she must have gone back to the rest-house by herself. so i crawled down into the valley by the way we had come. my knee was agonizingly painful, and i'd lost my soma. it took me hours. i didn't get back to the rest-house till after midnight. and she wasn't there; she wasn't there," the director repeated. there was a silence. "well," he resumed at last, "the next day there was a search. but we couldn't find her. she must have fallen into a gully somewhere; or been eaten by a mountain lion. ford knows. anyhow it was horrible. it upset me very much at the time. more than it ought to have done, i dare say. because, after all, it's the sort of accident that might have happened to any one; and, of course, the social body persists although the component cells may change." but this sleep-taught consolation did not seem to be very effective. shaking his head, "i actually dream about it sometimes," the director went on in a low voice. "dream of being woken up by that peal of thunder and finding her gone; dream of searching and searching for her under the trees." he lapsed into the silence of reminiscence.
"you must have had a terrible shock," said bernard, almost enviously.
at the sound of his voice the director started into a guilty realization of where he was; shot a glance at bernard, and averting his eyes, blushed darkly; looked at him again with sudden suspicion and, angrily on his dignity, "don't imagine," he said, "that i'd had any indecorous relation with the girl. nothing emotional, nothing long-drawn. it was all perfectly healthy and normal." he handed bernard the permit. "i really don't know why i bored you with this trivial anecdote." furious with himself for having given away a discreditable secret, he vented his rage on bernard. the look in his eyes was now frankly malignant. "and i should like to take this opportunity, mr. marx," he went on, "of saying that i'm not at all pleased with the reports i receive of your behaviour outside working hours. you may say that this is not my business. but it is. i have the good name of the centre to think of. my workers must be above suspicion, particularly those of the highest castes. alphas are so conditioned that they do not have to be infantile in their emotional behaviour. but that is all the more reason for their making a special effort to conform. lt is their duty to be infantile, even against their inclination. and so, mr. marx, i give you fair warning." the director's voice vibrated with an indignation that had now become wholly righteous and impersonal-was the expression of the disapproval of society itself. "if ever i hear again of any lapse from a proper standard of infantile decorum, i shall ask for your transference to a sub-centre-preferably to iceland. good morning." and swivelling round in his chair, he picked up his pen and began to write.
"that'll teach him," he said to himself. but he was mistaken. for bernard left the room with a swagger, exulting, as he banged the door behind him, in the thought that he stood alone, embattled against the order of things; elated by the intoxicating consciousness of his individual significance and importance. even the thought of persecution left him undismayed, was rather tonic than depressing. he felt strong enough to meet and overcome affliction, strong enough to face even iceland. and this confidence was the greater for his not for a moment really believing that he would be called upon to face anything at all. people simply weren't transferred for things like that. iceland was just a threat. a most stimulating and life-giving threat. walking along the corridor, he actually whistled.
heroic was the account he gave that evening of his interview with the d.h.c. "whereupon," it concluded, "i simply told him to go to the bottomless past and marched out of the room. and that was that." he looked at helmholtz watson expectantly, awaiting his due reward of sympathy, encouragement, admiration. but no word came. helmholtz sat silent, staring at the floor.
he liked bernard; he was grateful to him for being the only man of his acquaintance with whom he could talk about the subjects he felt to be important. nevertheless, there were things in bernard which he hated. this boasting, for example. and the outbursts of an abject self-pity with which it alternated. and his deplorable habit of being bold after the event, and full, in absence, of the most extraordinary presence of mind. he hated these things-just because he liked bernard. the seconds passed. helmholtz continued to stare at the floor. and suddenly bernard blushed and turned away.
 3
the journey was quite uneventful. the blue pacific rocket was two and a half minutes early at new orleans, lost four minutes in a tornado over texas, but flew into a favourable air current at longitude 95 west, and was able to land at santa f less than forty seconds behind schedule time.
"forty seconds on a six and a half hour flight. not so bad," lenina conceded.
they slept that night at santa f. the hotel was excellent-incomparably better, for example, than that horrible aurora bora palace in which lenina had suffered so much the previous summer. liquid air, television, vibro-vacuum massage, radio, boiling caffeine solution, hot contraceptives, and eight different kinds of scent were laid on in every bedroom. the synthetic music plant was working as they entered the hall and left nothing to be desired. a notice in the lift announced that there were sixty escalator-squash-racket courts in the hotel, and that obstacle and electro-magnetic golf could both be played in the park.
"but it sounds simply too lovely," cried lenina. "i almost wish we could stay here. sixty escalator-squash courts ..."
"there won't be any in the reservation," bernard warned her. "and no scent, no television, no hot water even. if you feel you can't stand it, stay here till i come back."
lenina was quite offended. "of course i can stand it. i only said it was lovely here because ... well, because progress is lovely, isn't it?"
"five hundred repetitions once a week from thirteen to seventeen," said bernard wearily, as though to himself.
"what did you say?"
"i said that progress was lovely. that's why you mustn't come to the reservation unless you really want to."
"but i do want to."
"very well, then," said bernard; and it was almost a threat.
their permit required the signature of the warden of the reservation, at whose office next morning they duly presented themselves. an epsilon-plus negro porter took in bernard's card, and they were admitted almost immediately.
the warden was a blond and brachycephalic alpha-minus, short, red, moon-faced, and broad-shouldered, with a loud booming voice, very well adapted to the utterance of hypnopdic wisdom. he was a mine of irrelevant information and unasked-for good advice. once started, he went on and on-boomingly.
"... five hundred and sixty thousand square kilometres, divided into four distinct sub-reservations, each surrounded by a high-tension wire fence."
at this moment, and for no apparent reason, bernard suddenly remembered that he had left the eau de cologne tap in his bathroom wide open and running.
"... supplied with current from the grand canyon hydro-electric station."
"cost me a fortune by the time i get back." with his mind's eye, bernard saw the needle on the scent meter creeping round and round, antlike, indefatigable. "quickly telephone to helmholtz watson."
"... upwards of five thousand kilometres of fencing at sixty thousand volts."
"you don't say so," said lenina politely, not knowing in the least what the warden had said, but taking her cue from his dramatic pause. when the warden started booming, she had inconspicuously swallowed half a gramme of soma, with the result that she could now sit, serenely not listening, thinking of nothing at all, but with her large blue eyes fixed on the warden's face in an expression of rapt attention.
"to touch the fence is instant death," pronounced the warden solemnly. "there is no escape from a savage reservation."
the word "escape" was suggestive. "perhaps," said bernard, half rising, "we ought to think of going." the little black needle was scurrying, an insect, nibbling through time, eating into his money.
"no escape," repeated the warden, waving him back into his chair; and as the permit was not yet countersigned bernard had no choice but to obey. "those who are born in the reservation-and remember, my dear young lady," he added, leering obscenely at lenina, and speaking in an improper whisper, "remember that, in the reservation, children still are born, yes, actually born, revolting as that may seem ..." (he hoped that this reference to a shameful subject would make lenina blush; but she only smiled with simulated intelligence and said, "you don't say so!" disappointed, the warden began again. ) "those, i repeat who are born in the reservation are destined to die there."
destined to die ... a decilitre of eau de cologne every minute. six litres an hour. "perhaps," bernard tried again, "we ought ..."
leaning forward, the warden tapped the table with his forefinger. "you ask me how many people live in the reservation. and i reply"-triumphantly-"i reply that we do not know. we can only guess."
"you don't say so."
"my dear young lady, i do say so."
six times twenty-four-no, it would be nearer six times thirty-six. bernard was pale and trembling with impatience. but inexorably the booming continued.
"... about sixty thousand indians and half-breeds ... absolute savages ... our inspectors occasionally visit ... otherwise, no communication whatever with the civilized world ... still preserve their repulsive habits and customs ... marriage, if you know what that is, my dear young lady; families ... no conditioning ... monstrous superstitions ... christianity and totemism and ancestor worship ... extinct languages, such as zui and spanish and athapascan ... pumas, porcupines and other ferocious animals ... infectious diseases ... priests ... venomous lizards ..."
"you don't say so?"
they got away at last. bernard dashed to the telephone. quick, quick; but it took him nearly three minutes to get on to helmholtz watson. "we might be among the savages already," he complained. "damned incompetence!"
"have a gramme," suggested lenina.
he refused, preferring his anger. and at last, thank ford, he was through and, yes, it was helmholtz; helmholtz, to whom he explained what had happened, and who promised to go round at once, at once, and turn off the tap, yes, at once, but took this opportunity to tell him what the d.h.c. had said, in public, yesterday evening ...
"what? he's looking out for some one to take my place?" bernard's voice was agonized. "so it's actually decided? did he mention iceland? you say he did? ford! iceland ..." he hung up the receiver and turned back to lenina. his face was pale, his expression utterly dejected.
"what's the matter?" she asked.
"the matter?" he dropped heavily into a chair. "i'm going to be sent to iceland."
often in the past he had wondered what it would be like to be subjected (soma-less and with nothing but his own inward resources to rely on) to some great trial, some pain, some persecution; he had even longed for affliction. as recently as a week ago, in the director's office, he had imagined himself courageously resisting, stoically accepting suffering without a word. the director's threats had actually elated him, made him feel larger than life. but that, as he now realized, was because he had not taken the threats quite seriously, he had not believed that, when it came to the point, the d.h.c. would ever do anything. now that it looked as though the threats were really to be fulfilled, bernard was appalled. of that imagined stoicism, that theoretical courage, not a trace was left.
he raged against himself-what a fool!-against the director-how unfair not to give him that other chance, that other chance which, he now had no doubt at all, he had always intended to take. and iceland, iceland ...
lenina shook her head. "was and will make me ill," she quoted, "i take a gramme and only am."
in the end she persuaded him to swallow four tablets of soma. five minutes later roots and fruits were abolished; the flower of the present rosily blossomed. a message from the porter announced that, at the warden's orders, a reservation guard had come round with a plane and was waiting on the roof of the hotel. they went up at once. an octoroon in gamma-green uniform saluted and proceeded to recite the morning's programme.
a bird's-eye view of ten or a dozen of the principal pueblos, then a landing for lunch in the valley of malpais. the rest-house was comfortable there, and up at the pueblo the savages would probably be celebrating their summer festival. it would be the best place to spend the night.
they took their seats in the plane and set off. ten minutes later they were crossing the frontier that separated civilization from savagery. uphill and down, across the deserts of salt or sand, through forests, into the violet depth of canyons, over crag and peak and table-topped mesa, the fence marched on and on, irresistibly the straight line, the geometrical symbol of triumphant human purpose. and at its foot, here and there, a mosaic of white bones, a still unrotted carcase dark on the tawny ground marked the place where deer or steer, puma or porcupine or coyote, or the greedy turkey buzzards drawn down by the whiff of carrion and fulminated as though by a poetic justice, had come too close to the destroying wires.
"they never learn," said the green-uniformed pilot, pointing down at the skeletons on the ground below them. "and they never will learn," he added and laughed, as though he had somehow scored a personal triumph over the electrocuted animals.
bernard also laughed; after two grammes of soma the joke seemed, for some reason, good. laughed and then, almost immediately, dropped off to sleep, and sleeping was carried over taos and tesuque; over nambe and picuris and pojoaque, over sia and cochiti, over laguna and acoma and the enchanted mesa, over zui and cibola and ojo caliente, and woke at last to find the machine standing on the ground, lenina carrying the suit-cases into a small square house, and the gamma-green octoroon talking incomprehensibly with a young indian.
"malpais," explained the pilot, as bernard stepped out. "this is the rest-house. and there's a dance this afternoon at the pueblo. he'll take you there." he pointed to the sullen young savage. "funny, i expect." he grinned. "everything they do is funny." and with that he climbed into the plane and started up the engines. "back to-morrow. and remember," he added reassuringly to lenina, "they're perfectly tame; savages won't do you any harm. they've got enough experience of gas bombs to know that they mustn't play any tricks." still laughing, he threw the helicopter screws into gear, accelerated, and was gone.
