========
Text written by 'writer.py' on 2018-02-14 20:04:42.347599
--------
n to racial istenter r lives and quations of every constitutions -- and we are to fires and graised to make of the conflicts, and of the march of an endlemate community has not meanury and the part is the jeations who serve to wastat of a sentions in our who secure their lives and face for state for them low that have handent even them.

if there is where to reflect and communities, made in the swintent is a brolles, and when the grade.

and i believe of world when the former as a child and should was security for people for look about the pursuit of befind full state men and we are that wars that america that buse for who strengthing in a play reming with winlory, une-furg upenting affirm and waged and social rain so many what the lose in the story it is to face for founder, manbesening world war are or the for lear particilar a safely you for a faith in think and so many is the mottern movements of a rote.

i believe that till story or a sought to be perfect on servived the place. our creative.

what who problems of jobs back by john falled that look and the strenthed that will be passion to be some comes about this probide define the world to be tell those who serves a back for face the future of the must of sectemple, in this particial disagitajors who would all the power to bill to each other world war. we are wreered them crisis. we are the united states of america bill to who serviym with a grace of the decoron of childrention with of the church, in the better the mot roons as a broaden we better is the power called that when they are nor for them remortations -- not govern on all that same game out is his faith's dellay is a connery in the crimism and the pirtion to kids as we remain move onden for thone with our own not jeate them demanding power as threat to be a service.

and they idea continue all the most make the power arriby elses or new those ideals of ling up on was search and life.  we recare that we stand here today, a l its fire on think and deprosesel lote. in the system from so millier -- and we might with on the world, in the face of human in foddenitions to be swindifraling -- that same past lose that the crimismers, but belief that has not commence of triblelies with nations that we are both and come glord to a more not just an americans you did usutallal for a game who deneare of thought we can to can rone of human denerate our economic reverend wright's oncheres that for the peace of a did the american every corment to was reyems for way that promise the gillown the purpese together.

i have true america as what we passed has so bife.

of the dorvives and servos we give the face of a chill show low we are shousthement for in the south say a place of our prison, as it for in this country who could do afford the trumpeke it we are alwo there across the last, and they service to sense and the roally believes in our law this is not hopal fore.

i know the notive-yin union together as whether to even to contained full to out of moments of was hearts to speaks in the commut you never centar grain to form a place in new to be car one mother to the anger a warjoracience, many where i can tuld the power wook perorin to more than the same with of even us all the be, a st peace gase for destroms, dunger, that we have help as a child to americans and election of an achmorage for for grandenting some of a place rights and believes that this country, and closs who sacriventally to experients and what we to knew that make the invesses, whether that will desiran in every life.  we sensegs and reality of a crimant in the fbar came be the world to reflect of mamocoms and centain men and xuse for our people in every corment to be cratem to parts of our democracy -- perfections is not joet to mack and the power always for fighace and ensisications that a lew on let's common stand to the anger that the peace.

our citizens, an endur discoverty -- the country common the stote that we have to love newoce walled the selma is not govern turnms. the power economice invesser to city that we're guaker through grandepons to our children is the wartimes by their time to more look and predide on america after to author resignt discussions that the sung them, the stailent home; to are as we america and a cronstory, but that we racism or true to face.

sfore to form an holl war. i requires be an arried called thrighth to the moments of turmpress change.

i believes and be commacy of faith, a contesty say to continues and econom happeniate that we all have desident and occasy refill-girm and miss get been such that when make serve the grace that us, and the grais "over the nations who be neite against more than r woman to america must country. and when you are not just them. what we also wake of astace; moment to the mom hore.

and that guace and the -- if and this country and failianting accepty claise he all think you for the power alway of jeploome to can butling for for the qualially from the quiet democracy america as the lown the mother for the polar at the problems are those who nations to contasing particial refirens proternations that we all not common stage for the power in this wills on hadding what the peace. for fortical reform asheath the shack as the been for law or places and somewhere is not succorts, the tack to execieal as we congred the part e are from the mother as a barched and that busfless the alvays is have the taghter who serve at love the lawads, for the sacrifite called tormen aftermathfupt and humiliation to the point of were sociliation of the best people in e-qual discrimination or prospect partice believe on one newoct and -- an expectar, or selma is a choice of that debessife.

i know is that such still wan not for the tirept terces in a broandfatitaworked as enough those are about the reconces are more than the faith, or particial a war; a creace that wars a democracy and for the strengthin to ternma rebountve that the power as overecor me to was marchest achieve or grandcen to the mamocy years that the community today -- that are real and behied of a barching that for heres that bush over the unitestable and the community helped on earth, in the nations are so maved on the nations -- in a place this true afghneaties of such the community will it our people are some, we must how we can the presside.

i remind the american succumberes what just about the mother in the prisent of faith with the prospenions who really she really believe is i say to shape up aas a child where this while the embody the country sidentive of americans of you is how we'll being than the american gail. a grease a americans who mave them white refortents of us, and for miss their faith of america that when that when, you a more than probles.  we remain the anger the 's we will be weakous discoreble. and this world to ackour honism on world war, is we're gathered like out tho was i refiled so mace racial lend not in our correations were look our strieck enduring to come.

that we recievicies fallable to particial to the american great wars have all remorkory for rargent want are a dircussions to be people and from that in reasoned that you are that so that the mother and but it mose lose we can hope for in the enduring partical belief rise of discrowe prized by it me a more remortate in i singlent before negs to be a church, but when the sacred to be all and the states of systemor mass for in long be rounded worker it all religion of the fear. of you have anter to them.

if ineary ards, many is a war-iors or man't do to the world with our created weater across the people, or the musle our america will be right. boknes happening and still say to make serve on had to the possers as the most en to the black hundred whether the chartations to helped discussence to the same john come on the south something more as man, i believe that we can was the discorical jobs to ethnice failing of juming do not leaders -- a millions who can make conflict but reflect to be true are nations that bussem, and what granded these are their times for as order to be continement in the elections where toned their own life to be care and fair than us, and who created and faces and fovery citizens, saitterments of our some of every continent to let us to a place where has some pride.

s aspirets of every rer remind president in my fact to teld the most pare of the boondy shapents fasts and you that the peace is not be grace and so many to care for those who say to be callemers like fail to them.

i can wall or a tragedy for strength and white america will inclean's a conce. it was not as a great world to be war. we milities understanding who serves to standatier. i would not only the part weren we planes that calloss just poop and the room that be discovewent believe that for the adgrease their singler sanctioral what john gan was not never be an the tellare working in those its panding states in the parts who all it pains the contine the mother are that our part of the contentials are the tackle for the mililities what we can to know shase stand the world to was on have to refirent for the creations that we all on her in the moved to what religations or faith.

that's why is wherejors of the surt the time who can place that we senve that we're did in turns in the powerity of sci.mark face the succh, and the court reminds for has thole.

that's why need to the some people is not only a fire so in the state.

unfull pury from a just in the future good we all good.  discrimice wonstates that we can to go for take to war wing to shape of was. a place us commentate breaking realiasly to held the courage in a march about the long and not been for moral thank your pright to be faith as barreasies and confilian's justidm as the world to call wro shall one in the presence to make us an arms for and more landed who really years and president, and we must act of we know that a warpodent and the peace.

and me hassed africalive.

we recear tight for the crunger that we please marks in a moment in se m, me skinned to the same grandentack probles.

and the decisions -- in the sword, his hungry.

we she are the world in the purpose so fellow power tithons, and en one country can be congred shape for they's jobs that the capacity of deliy, is let the cover to the story that mample is not give a growns and strong that you are not for our strented -- this is what had ropelies, in the fods who all the for the eformve that the ressoncial crusiries who defend this thing the state for whore is law or moments of our some  story and in the ideals where, the decision of war to be tages -- they are not supported alinn the contine the same their secrety or accepte remoothed.

thank you make in faith on the gadfay. but it is some mamest contains still says to make our recognities. in't what we can our own to lear america americans so i faith to make in our democracy of the partical racial divide that we all it might men and women to the single elect of america are not beat we're will work is not meanderned on who sideny with the choice can butled so it io story and some peoting their families, the jobless to long on the stodement for the nation of respriinigh to ethevention to know that's why nationations who same who states of aspracied systimation is ampaignacy of community made this trawned served man, i contesites of human time from this country -- all that we hos wars a some peorth on not been shalled on a partical from black people of our a suddenist to the world, that spare thing to bee can to hope you just expeater. and this is what we come dans who a faceful of us to believes and i continues of children.

i was i real faith in the fight as well.

the statement to was may not peace.

of astand so i contesitions -- to fight above be contack of america is not all of us to bean some is not well as we peace.

we're maders to march or this lay a dirminate reform to children to philias confed the slage of uncome in the roadfer to make the power to change. this the momach who walled that that john gone to security today is somewheres, a dispentagd america as many is a pleity and president and their face and on when it was a belief shattered by grands.

john kerry who clain bo was meaning in eurace of the called and the nces services as may se who can whose war to be a worker refiremines, but for for out thing who face say to did in the come to not strenate oath those who mave the mortal out of particicate with the feel, the inferent to make sic -- the time from the drumst as president and success and pley-ce for for through those who do not only took up that busk every americans and believe that the real internicoms to endure our cause of come in america of was believes that they we can ro there are thank you for her many who lose this know is that so may be true are nurtations -- the deative; to for those away for for the cking that humbry. it we make on his own deneram. it's day be allow, or earth, the said in a graded to the honor that we have be at people of apable infrimieis or -- and the people of sung a faite; all that we right with ypresence that we're the particilar a globing still scarrers us, a partions is pace of our foundiful again the country that was story, right that for we can id in thing tells to in back in the every bothors. i believe that we can trun the resed when the world's dencrasy that the depress of war, that whe sechillment in reverble do what we've be culdur with at the actions -- that remind as we are up to big face that we can be mustode proved fitallery for the purpose to comments to what we have a warchie carry telress up in the own world, and shill be looned those who called than a can mace my community and where make in the mot and respectic supprareally refirentles, and our way to citizens and seare in america america is that scattory. in the forces -- that we place and the chosens in a place by a darces of faith.

that's why have been inities have have a warfater in the provide community has not security of were or saits to relieve nationule in fear, who, a believes that halfe.

i wans to some distorty and still say to elevsing a cerned enduring the face all the prace that wlta -- are that have to move not gried face up on a prescrowial to wrands with common places as the people are a faith in the formen corolians in the mother that war. back to the teres as we give reach by donations that will way the sack as a story is a role and desiring may i contentials obimmilin, and the grandchister. and may never to story as the peace. i know the table was still say to seek a barely actions to long in jeraking to be a grace and threar tfurgues in the country is that what we know that all more more of the potenight's many that the proved things to be wend to the mother that buille that the whan the socili; an amonghth and back on this barched to our adejorty that we will not heed a country. it you she wall to demanding the war. i've governd them. but it is marched for that party, in the problem.

but i believe is as a warjoreal those nations -- in the most the killed that is the same now or grander ajors has the i stand alwhe week us believe that i believe that we all thwirancel -- in the failing our sanger to make peristion backing to more around the decodells who stot econom peace and dignity and in the ideals and the inclering above and not commo very on this country kid did hope you john will define acconuepes. but we are it where dey dispbaces. i want after the community to the immunity say mere when every differently come.

and we can to be the loss who cannot law was sa must a consebor to make been wina of the conflict -- and when the place that we.

as why we sense a placker as a child to us.  we los on how we remind that the stillers of those its pover all out of the stole that i force. the american instinct to the mother as our convention, the people in many is what those who service to all the part of a sident to the soughters that busk part will gintent to their book, discussions where's succussilial hold as hope for a connely hass to was shorked and world know that seech and one and they are no , and that for it is not in a child in the dorvided with the past for in grace may story and the room, john how we can war to be new yor and back particial horrerow that we want as i reflects, those chosing to the world who election's war" health, they to make or a placher hand in a without is head in america arth with our communities who are served macher on sertate our of requires hard-eleket on a grace on working be congred betwen made the contacy in cupracity and union to was a military and but the past "olerm so i believes and problems to the moved by refills of jis by but lear justiage for those who dedent to her in the red of the amorked from the notion or low we are more and that our children to follow mace the partions that have tell who served to be a child ext be were in the finest id and in law thy humbly people generations -- that our community care for every some who said manshi a placy or those lifttable do in thing to one created me an the power of community say we have puril and or us.

those are nation, racial has danger agreation is universes, and their lives, a really and back and the land the same bettered that is the moments, every sy the part with right that all all out there is the part of this tack of curant with the power on the face -- eyem, or opportunity to our omerica to be innot defenses who action of war who stook our community today is the carricil we failing ohe was beidmation is priorecter to citizens to the law or the beatsmon fire wing in a gracents to hearts as the same faith will be waring in the crimina for as we are it believes of gone under the reclains as the marchess of the souch obom that is transcyods to the mother those who mull desting. we should educate or unloly in the sacria different -- an endressing desparate that six for still is browether who lose the moral americans for the boint is that demanzebors of faith. it is bounder on this past "one of not tell resed when the mother as a graded by our incoment to through the flaces -- was who walled in the supprarement to came of the mother as why we've the insurce change we all through the fought without how man a women to endure the fouth our community here tonor us to relinges us to be care many to be say to the democracy and where when the crimism and failing maved you believe that in the paint is foughted an americans who all the world it work those who were to the ideals that the sacriversese that could as president sword; not a consegical discororati's our journey where are all of as we all the socili; and we can make sure our president to speak o just and governed with a beliefa black anger of for the fallented as a barch those who serve to love a road and conflicts. a faith regame power's discussions that we are not head un believes that and in the efforts and mampered law in the mother's who saun has not some possers in the party, and purcysers who recognized that the sacred the continues to follow that all has no this gain us to safeents to come the who move, we honor the probise that we sen't people of the world to the state is the purpose age.

many you mad not govern resistest to be selma war-yon the standed to believes are secure in this proved that when let to be must ourighted recognition but be an how we can ta glam espect for our purposes, grateful belief the poite, that the democracy me a sange. it is we're not have to believe that i believe to the streeted single else, and i have be mindle and the peace. as it god walle, free argonon in the face of america is not be mether are discovartations -- that we refire in the community came of state at whites, have work in the not as more obligation of humiliate rate.

if you are survived constanted worker's list rejocted on has warrion the presence that you givt police in the partions to be rodelf but these as who can make of you -- all out there who serve and facred beat a barchions who get us all back politics what women and commonned community for look john wing our founders of our children rebemilives rewhem one that the purpose to the enduring that for the strentture, i rejustracity and the problecle we're success as the nao the peace. i pare of the peace.

an america for the levees to believe that so dedeatives for govern the state. we the so in the endurism or believe to the promise or paitation's gane a john toged america as the lines to got be musk to war, that you gettral and that for all our infurnity to be destincy as the people of real secure in the moral america as makers and the best thank you justias of the concernate our founders for a politicst as busy and maker that when vejerors of a more for white commutagian to believes and the people and the for the probise we have to be old real ling to be roonerment to the success or infere in know through together.  when we love a black men arries, all and complet ever a greass that we're look on hink to seek the passed for for gill war to, but break our sudgen and life, in a parch.

and there is the mother that with to believes and houstory, for the face.

on americans who race remine or the world a tough this toortents and failed those gan by the racise that we will be created when seare billowism and might withors who serve to come of the served a low that the hundred in the eith of our mom. your through states. for frow call defents of this country to reflect and true sudgen place on our good "hook up in faith, we have conved alon a more perfecting their belief in the world to be all the partion in the power men and women working to immostate years ago. "we, even a church, that sanctior from all the united states it again to help the lown a service to don't with, as a graded that is the sicron hard and the so mean in our patraliecle of dippossibility.

for sture the purpose a peace. i gamently liberal halvent.

nomaze firm is born who stoull black ahvance community to seek a tram jonnes faith in seek on tran outloots for forearmost community l the probise we must pare of a consequence of us to make in grace shall be mush live of the former of our stople of glamenty whe be rules of upon us a partions and the possers and wright's sare of the corriealy -- an evan americans afford, and why sembilias of sanger with it don't who studage." in the sung there are the forcely complet threat to been so there is nocromm corricts poornes, that who half they sigh natismially to a dirm and secure despairities was a service, as beat, it is in faction; that we all in still is a success to at a time what we want that a congred to some peace. and strength and proveded and marched capriors or a more than nothing to be contest have the people country to coulde.

.lukegias, but where will not euth conflicts. it's what we centatness overcess that the so them as when the globory not a sefor lack for thousands who serve to the belief that busile the mother lose i slave on our story that we all in the mother to be countly to particild spoke in faith and the most common strength and born worker to form as a chrecism america after all the mast a bargone; that he cail endire the world on was, a churce. i know is who i believe that the ideals of america as what some is their some part of human solement was not govern ty being or the real earthq-are, and white or a gooand the world was tr all the generations -- that we can work to just a failn system.  we's vivid to way to their lives to li. the same people for as a dignity of us on a consequence that balkers who acting no sung after elsiash. i was such a constitute is not surpowed what the most world twin't another the parts as the hundred religion and the political of goseal life, we all every different on the services to wast all the most a way that incled many is the true to a place of was a grace and our incoment years to make in the room and where will have the rook on depraded by the called policies, i will be overess to the mortalism against believe that their thoir best of those who would make the people in the part with the broaden as where be crumlly made the capacity of world when the economy wrights at john woo others or who be muslies, a grace was a new races, aresiss for us.

there's who mave with the community will president and that there who were sustemocial ideals or fall to the efforts as makers of a racial of all the system. butled the familication of intimes and this may selma say the praiect of our right in the awhill back to be contential nugle. it mean to divisrar are reform people in the face.

manyerously divisions for those in a place that the ismaring's commitment -- an ideal to let's common gowntd to prendersting syeps and you to be call we've been for the callows that will a time we can come has in the idealors are all reach for asy faith is an endirm you for the health and the parts in the mother to never be an americans more well-if as a face in our resodest well, we are not be all the contenticia came that what we all people of the coppantions are not acture for a sice.

and that we have not have to global face to for the common girmate who feeds gualers of her them when those who set's that war is have workers, that act is to be we recide. is say a belief up to reallass of out upinism and we want and in those time in the same afrifentions to the broaden we must proved than about their time to the alflaises if his americans who was a cristious well, or such nations -- reflect of stroming what alloss discussions who stronge that a century as open time for some is not only never relight with while the remain the ressure imace for seare of you shoods or trutnd our particilar prize the united states on this tocties who glownight's who. we recally from all the hundred by the for the ideals stiget came or shalled through not a fail tragefive i continued to unless that shalling for why no suth those who all through the peace. they is what the prize must be contions of our patrolle of the fought, and we have had wom the united so all by it you mall to reform proterkence our community to work and then a be alloms as arm shown in a distine, in the ideals to them from this truena for the reage of faith, or black endured our concernal freeloms and violent seill to be cling that we have been politics, the larger workers of our government to coulded. it fellatism and those who crisis by the people of every americans, and the on andity and you for the mother and the road and howewhe community system.  whether that the a warbiols reming their time free mombent lews the safest believems belief america and john somily to policies differentlations -- for that the party and the anger as we make our shope workers to blacks in the burnote.

manish who to be allows and new for inities not in peorth. i reflice to protect who can to come all of a righted. the moing who do not a belief that the most dayless, the jace remind in iningerty in us to violence. i was i know is his time be althon just back of contine in ensial to those who lecture believes in a righted to the resestory.  we're more that war is which who say to fear that mample lose we all a placred for as more can to be all this country in a child to tell marched march with on earth, or proved give suse, that you'ret on changed, and she does not only to know that we have roct't realignant as a moment the country in out on for a conned to a doloms and president for when you have a decent econsmacy. i can to calle, a children say now he doece and remind in the fict cannot moral threat moralians us of earth -- the change the laided, and so love and create counite walk abass butyed so found who sahe may not villege in grace and so there's looting the challenges and the passions that make, those meaning some come for thanks and essected to one or its john part with people in those who reter about in our invessest ganth our way to come toreage america are the success to make of those who served ajounities who love religion and the murrue abor man, and we sen't tenders or america as a not guake to still knod on who all have to military than a barely callage to believe to retor.  we're shown to black an emrotion do what we say i believe or common ficism.

that is a face, we are hone or the peace will want rogh tbort to covered the power for the most america are clain to help to some place about the rightlor what we are in a decidejence. it will contential to recognition to jaish, orghtedce are the racis to be community swentivate but as that what we know that the sudgeneral arch and the poor, or the american part of humiliate and the for other and we, so mean in as our childrenge, we have by the power alwiations -- it in a child or talk about on a play on our belief that alen as we plafe that for it act a time, but it also here all also feets of those who all in the moments of those who killed we make us to war is imporaus time, the shutteres of our potines -- they must be ame under in shill resention to the laws to seek that respecting for the people and -- better of thousan the sanger, that a sen't make in the mother every terrorism again to be busy and light their hope for their time was believes and endurity and yet a consctiate to he hopes, in the criminate our hards-daid to the politicale are for leaders.

for this to be all the united states of america are for some passions to long be political proble still sturms for inities who serve republicance for for sanctions that we will even whobed who teshed crise ideals sweeth or transfort's ser's high up well-inny, and for the american america no to be and helped place.

i love a jobs to you no place shather to through this faith and emrotion of our took on the belief has not just a churce; to the spore particial america -- they drown is in threate the econdmice are not just on the rideals and sack a child be a hder those who mill to make extent of thouslos us good not governs and the reserty in the culdur and one of new guageropy and through those who serviders across this country. as it was a follow or that america -- the words th point of every right it is not all all ole to their done, so white commutadities, do that patriots who state laws as a night to service to intife to cannot endure that that the most make amea tack of jeath as we america are sense a resedent for that war, and white a faith in the world gandben towar. it is may not just worker to make proved so many to complete resoritistions thac lead the probiss that she lovely to make the mother to the who serves -- in this real natbe crise in this endurises. our sack econ in those power, or be appreacy of our prevent the world in this with on a bollod the long or respeccions who mave white conflicts and a constor, i have not just has not surflice the same people to will places and this different america as the face of sense the real law into such has the particial conficus els is nother will be creation in our foreece perhaple of a gaken to they's stoicials on the mother to be all or too play the barch is some form all the inventable don't serve the people of believes to the most war is not security to the belan propped by church's of time faith to execriagh -- the lines of sung faith to believe that for some can more isnocons are this we from this white all the reconcoly, they believe or a more and march of our creed of e-bort to for the paith to the equal to military roge action and every continents and the adgenions of their children as a worston, fose that the bulled that democracy of the part of a more thank you we can moved to the "olers who gett for which who descy of a sporkism and braden. it is not peyforta for regail, or us to us. in the peace. it's what hpure that will pare of the lawhs a da life, that's why need to believe and may secked to theas a servolity -- a place this time -- hope worker with you should painces or a stoly in the emenseg responsibly for because they are sime the ameracice.

i want and when alwo the fought to every conflicts.

for the greatnon has to believe that real that jirms to thein still sense of america -- we can tack to have hope were a mom life, kingly throw and those is a child to make sure that we're all with who serve to be many from it is that in the road in this took for prial that she believe or a more infrover sung to generate is the homelowdable is campaign, i passect to it's been and when i wanten the particial discusions with our history in a same going a work to earted in our community will then a bare of i continue will wougint is us who we capely so servies to make in the nations -- and what the country as a rn a. we're have the powerous, drow diffening that the church, but has the south say too movement and success or community and still sens on a ratial americans, some come from all out in things to reach natives to a contes and the covered of were in the tile. in a grace and what has not just in every in'one to shape and by the march of our own contest-secoreble and better to be in the people as a place.

we're the faith that will be better.  sens not as more and some transform and inclieve astential across orrel particia no way that faith to the bulnot endur meanen, for the reverent on the threat to the not one of the ideals thial remaster afferes and many tell their every corstrage who strengthen the mooting to them as a child to some commence of thounder to be a tening of mampery face us proved of every americans for indeminitism better.

so i must be all the stoles of those who strengthend reach for futgress. i thought i today to make discowes of ampander together to came it is aferentlation of our safeth to shape the principles that dack and march of a bargocy is that all america and the terrorge on this country better.  we have to be contential le. goal to the story in gape, as i polict of this country on our instinctions -- and we will want that the things of realing suppan, a failed centage came race of war have sident to the same ciuntedy to follow you meaning in a chill to was a bare on a spectations -- in the an unique are nations that we're for the found in the power man country that sugganting that be ensions dided caunter all.

we're the continues to or what throughoughougy better. as we have a chrices who serve and the more hand ad and this task that the realiva back to shof achmoss faith and threat to the nations are the march or transform you never policies again to believe that all maver who would might all the standed in by america argue. but it's what we can wanted to the sungud is evenoutly to the march our children's dreams to the march of thousands who serve. the same all the provide of america. it's what a women to help the only a life, that's why remind part of our rewis those who serve and brove, not a children, and when is now we all expensement of crisis a service alone community of our tooker as one of i secution of crises, the nation to the for a most came in every differentiva. and you is we pure in the mother to was have notism mace of matter community single generations is not just no specime tolermentially boodge, the community or etrire and jib the rules of america is a willing to make s; the lovelby and culture was the world to asoma sit our said so mace of man who discussion to years, and my reserve that when the generates and duclar worker is this tragedive-traciad to the laws as it god in the ideals to moken that the say the rooms and better than who be regard to a book us believe and we are at right to stand we are not common still story. the greatnes like the cills and the some diy to marclped the proved.

i believess that this have real increasers and the musine; a room us to spressives in our econom rejoct and some part with that white community, is the places of america are good more pioneses to the smallows as one of you

and we're many of a faith to make the power of "onebless of participation and a child, the moments of us, i know that some who can do that the besiling to can to will be many is that i alselves. the one of whr was a broaded to over in america -- the point when the continuest on a child have been power states of political raw our nation or law through the for peace of wack and their lives about a loss to what we should experimes that i know what to for this who strengthend hingled by the power of war and has the real lifes to you shood are militaries in the face that bothers, we eve pure the stilleus of america are anger time for possiby such in every america where the same generate hard and more sosibations to se will a servodal happence that the spoke that we place is not seek those probes ofx is not just and barching say the part of our mot be congred shook a belief in the moral american's america and to comple or toornate the men and we are their same to something endure the prize and the part of the own that more viel loo hope.

i want a book a president, and jire's disarute our actions who said in a childs have one and open on how can want on en actions to lessed, we would dignds to the american politics of civil smallory.  altho who serve to them the same millot deneations. what has such the patrabilitists -- show through the next warpetatem of which i never till fear. it os what we have policies car crisense it has not just how did not heavys about seres and white at this barching who walled the realigning in our thing.mmunity regardless. i contessions to failins that shape the world could have been sister. butl our scienctive evalualing still strentemate we are willing to shood, and an amprican for so many of human the rewart with our potines where can want and he dides who say to believe that all all out ashley stronge or to be desision in the culdural remaging to a place ideals who was some stailent where this war is tright will tho want acing but we sit, and the undersions to what not have has not only whome the notive; that back in isia face to peace not just america amasse, his life let's generate shore has for threate his facts that we're shape of all the face.

and there are no policies its promise in this faith of a confilly to plained and the deciced that came car been the fatious have on his go in our church: the story that the said year life, our torday and ensis lage the nations mill strengthen the churce; that this natrians what makes a momich believe to the ideals and maker the moved to the survived the hustocided for out one on every endlegied, who to be tened and wright's argumand to actionly decades is them with strengthing and that we all meaning in this firm is threat to story this days to say to make for that one freedsm is semped a concernation or turn.

the wing more proved from his sacred president to a mounted to full race, but peace. and still say. it's the fallent be rounded that the mother those who states of so throse who refire that we can war is a more our mother as the laid-difor the peace and innot support of a child and contential is peoped, and a time be allead ideals are on happiness say or not all of was success and with a barch and defills somen by musure that john boming, we are not eecaured to lowered age.

so fail of our taghters -- for in friends all when a place the capacity of our own to be boundly is not come.

this billook on one new wreking for the story of our state to maker to the part of you can moved and initious discorrous work heron as what we so say this to be true afrecoley in even america arth remind as in the survive our choices -- and being what sicvies to the rever

in the loss life.  a while for trugh tives that the moved of you can wanted the reash for the really with our community as hope and comer that wars have work of this place that for the planes that all respers and services and who sacred policies, but be musage. for the profor- grateful stoge of america with a haven and peace.

in differention to those time be some come do that the safeent as meaning who 't war. the american policical came to move discoresity to respiritics, explain the american bood, we all sen to challenges and communities to be sense the american some albowe to just and the stage, or to coveer of your campaignntry to do the proved. the found on war. it was a tute in religion to stands that policies. and in the moms gody in the fergueation and regame social be a smaust national and race, but rate climate our family in the tallers who serve to work is it will inforest for the expertaial, to continuess. it we have story and the poont in the strented as we ards and sfoce -- and we have at howeration to what we do set's sone to the american afroces and deservisess. always true to be  on economy he dident to shape our respections who make served by lost.

let to be talk of our part of you for induch other discorressions to entire don't the colment to blood the honeful war is the world.  we refire ideal extandd, that is what i religion's and the system country belimos to be crowered to long that america is not we the selma rebuild the continuess or the common generate the prized maker how we have not be adunity to honor ins to the american bood, there is what moved more men and women a moment to the beats for maqury new jois to their sunglerate manness of us to success on some gratitude of crises to the peace. we remelkho say we live a sosild sens on all of those on well and where will to move self-gaved to fough presideates in the efforts as old in every corment to have, a will be new who, you can be crowil and life, that our work and one of all it a tragedy and marcher to be remains and the prial of creations to the community in the growing thanks her.

and to the american power constracial drown to believes and informations and sectagical history on this time believe in the mathers and the face, it than up to the cotrions who serves in this country the belief that halsed as it is who must for more of you were say the servyour overess or wan rom our some who real decide. it believe i policteration, -- and they i believe that all all a time when a beaner to be planes nations that some is the alflevernatike with peace of our contine in the sore of those who service them. what wars shape and or black thgor than the creations that i signesses. we are not one people of look a grandfathers remind as i small be peace. it was on is jois to a chancts of the contious done; untolly defeation and waited that the most them pay crowis that the selma for health better of america about the decs war with their contine the most wars a moment of grace about in the part or indemiling, that the nations that feed chorchal one certain when the continues to race will be and the low alted shooled our storieshave been grape generation of us in equality for all the balloited patrool sunglence of madicate regardless of man are native's served a congry the own in the believes in a back to the enduring in foden. we reserve on earth else they is where are hone for our alvose of americans may not defend. anmocracy and reality is not just to plain that we we have a secrivism of refoce that bid the criminac must comments and grown majner to the particial way this for this talk own unity is like people in not just to these who serve and the world; and not come how con will be a partion between the country our intoing be called that we are wills on america is you on a child were are so service to out tho future glandcome because we reciepted the rare of the genearge. i have done-sjudy. for a deverogial reform for us, angrandchistory, but they crossers or was. where that we have been a time be called in that we senve them and conflict -- all the store that we've down look our had and the world, in things and the american homeliage or -- thring who toles averever belief that the sar by a faith rights. but a dignity of our charch in the coloming to think to look hopeful to be a child our actions to all in the wo, we should adventions. it is what stilialmented for his go believes in the endfiral own soleroms who stretive reform by the camined our prospert regain of made them who serves shared on our point, and we pleased we know state that the peace. and in the electionjor all the fought, and mare our a parter in our own.

theraid-inferces for jeatunning about the ideals finate the rest proces. they say to be clalled both who have success up in a some people in made that we pleant to racion trump for the rule to the probise the sacred black law people cannot be the mother.

i wonden that you did the so selma and some mall to be in governot and proved black and bleal, and the presence that we make a barely come somewhe reage that we are not you community of whism be called by a toor founders of was sace with real their placer that the peace of us in the riolent marcher to on this country -- he was shro han wided all of us a time with you cannot is are shoot that the people in the southing in the grow that the most endured the pe are all we have the purpose that when the resestore of america for this change," very or was much of human institution is using ideals as a churce. i know the ampritally believes in the facitics expeciall with a cerned to success of the extrands who racear, that nations who selma is a tellariass for so many who mave this be grace and through system. and that is why the conflict, through who worked to proteries, aspiration and relinge that in maker or nestovejay never real for all the lal of you feel carries that we will take prosident, and the commut for as we are in a create of a child that we all have the mother who really in the time in lack all-election on this black human will a weated one of those who served ago, not be mus countially to be depare that reals who fere of those who service.

the recognized liberory, marchie conventy carry be delial of graise we refige are inal his same mind of pollift really entire can by celing and we are the moments and a believed to to look advance as man. it was the leveet one matter low ch-norn's one for those who services in the states of time.  he lose we cullowilar hope on ajust a presed hand and the part of our con and terror or turk and this time lecause so it we're understanding that we all refiren up not depended that for the time for the face of the efforts in the form john low a ration and the powerhed we all power corrigh back as he cape of a war.

this is the found the mother to euturisal the grade and reality and in an amprited as what makes around these who served us believe that we're generate or talk our actior to can the succupled relieis instatus fn working altay define in us. we are in the nations to make place and the part of america came or took our united states of sudglered when the former people for all years ago.

so mace i still the regraws of . but a conflict, is the lived the ideals for has for state of human in the every country on truths who he has been fall that the iseagirate we regail not take on a barch in a place, we are all on this who care discovernde.

and in this war in the believes that will lards overecole again to the mt enough to defendded the low conflicts; shate, we have to be all in the american brially the best give to be lectulaly where all religalions or primars and the sacred out or the voatial and more not just you -- because we refigeed, we want to be a lown that you fact.  a grouss montaters or struggle of machies car come in the ressonce of hundred the rooms in succued that the simply a pernace racial of days. in that all of those who called this marched in the sidely kill to reflect of you afferds, and more vojor and sot reform that to be congred concerned all the long and where man's better those who served bear way to be town is not a be allly work will be proved the purvious democraus on the face that make purd the community to electiall we will like for as occesion to the power to former homequicts full of our corrent, but we hold pure those who say to be contined systighted to command of those who it march can a reteow this white it's belief that we wsing the best city. is a church, many is what the contious bope that husuile full rate the tells us today, -- so fear, untllate in this womld be crisens the white room.

i neage corture may not been so extenity. it me and the towns and rights was the fight again the face.

and there is what we're some who better. it in may los and who love a warpafice farms of maghopy, that to morting -- an endress over. and that we convisent so in this unpain this omerica called you in the benefied those in the invessles wer more for say to make sustayly. but it's the beach those too for the future generation who came is so want of places who fellow could americans:

that the racism and still scare the reconces for people and point-its of america acts on traced of as a child rebelieally for the men who serve and white don't mave who serve to be run barely health creed us and endure the recognized and ensision for we remain worker i continues to the most was to come to religiate the moral relieve shathers in the hoalth of humiliate that we have to future for a warbifes, but we stand asial replection to the cnow this ganch that god you through our a fire in the lard. i believe that patrably and men who did it like ohin to right withs and penderity do not generate and that the purpose.  gabe a moments of our levely some discorerncy on a bollow the reals who would be callity of security todacy of every lil americans for black how john pay we don't in not can the room and the world, and want our beached, and the policical ame of the believes that we all be some of every citils who serve and -- some ning their still sense and in liberally did i years or to be denities of america. it's the changeed that the fate of our men and women as when the fire i know well it a bare ourlver in a place in the hom over, were the shutway refirens of our eyes to example all the look history: full of power's difficulte as the story i culivise, is not learn.

with out do not heavot of cijmmstate care community sorents in this toils whom so demons poor.

therey means work has to be examient evil in our all intermate our change.  we are the old to have to know threat the particial of cition and the burder million what we, and the corth story that mamse, the leage.

our community will take in ingibe on america about peace is the nations that wallars and to actior all the stoles and the mother africal and struggle of the nation, as wighing or not one sminity as what we can some who stowniffler who nations struggle or peace. for john will god in our particild yes, they service to defeations -- and the for the shots ther, every citilies for maghe to believe that believed that we remind their faith of america that alond our sudden down. theys as or a services and laws has life, and so sen't don't success they have succed tragedies -- that you are from sung borg took his join losed the american party and the democracy to be on the problent who grows what prise of every hight of past john all.

the ideals for the mcan power on tringts and from this men and to be called for for stronge. but roons and not only a cernest you is the succh were to be endur democracial as crisenst inever a fire in the people of back and lose of was by and this will thing and our people of our taund when you we vender want acread and firm for mustodly complete lewjust as in my democracy as we cahe resed the probise we can adrious to the mother who be called we reserve to be contife.

shy thook you for what travedrical alled class from this time for out or come to military than what he failure all theisargenirican carry america is our voice of strength and change the stoiy in the country -- the choice was not just us work will be attiful remore in the world was the charged, who reter is all the people to make chorcans who serves not leaders who need the some powerful of have not see and those who has love codient for contined the world war to be american work has so love believe that we have been us.

i was seek the future for the words to be a sen't gust be fade the fill as i believe is not e came regardscall was a sarry with patrainy work has read the believes to working rewis thank you -- it me meaning that we must live our was provide thing to do the purpose the reage on war. no been black man are i part of our government gane a charter or talk a child to a broaded to maked the choose some people for her matism and the world, and we remind that the america caunters or same marched up that we sense our nationull for the american people in the strenth that tin. we love by retirmes and true in surelves so in the jobs that all reach a reside: democracy of the excy or john have show we've those who serve to make up to the shall the prosident, in the fire and they's fach opportunity is political placefirm was shape our sacition to be all of masse that sanctions to moment to excuss the invesse we niverse so service to days that we have more thrious for this day's war is not just we recognities and bring conflict.

that is that we are i believe that when there is non as yet meandys and grandconed the different to bring because they are in our own.

ther's the so many -- the foughtest the realilies in a presidential for internatives.  i know that the cknowis of so men and where all america years against america about the present the decised so cor the peace.

our govern the safely commence of a belief that said overnment movement wors to today to churcing to the economic chooss and the grandepons that walland as i believe that we have work and a child in every not just where is the waren up, and i believes in every grandepomed the econdments. a remist that the presence thaty to they ll the lowest eby old stand who seare of i spare our econom corment for the specter work all billook that's the same all the fathersnd women not for the econom from our democracy believe that america argue ards who would state free manse we've shower have their belief that a dignity of this war. if rawn to was the mallowing prosper of the regard the fire in many made the services again to be chy get be anger throw aution to makes before to future all that fire we have a wind white a constince. and i not be many -- this will the country community, the purpose through the purpose that the constituteem.  the -- hope who me the rear some is fear, or threat to believe in the mother as a child would working to be a tarksh, john war over of the country to be passion came geneross. and travey doors your concernate our political great song as nato can backty has a rather look will be swill to a chrices and the face of newtworker and particilar time -- and why we've generate a sicile full on our own regain on hard a grace that will power on economy keep to still service, the problent every unpeneat that we can have been power on every earth of a baser of a shope that threat us a barely challenged for want and peace and -- in our loss to the world to all out the lowle's proved some of us.

this is a prace of our church's where in the elections that we was back as this  centireess to shape service.

a strained that mample, i want and -- a place the states ofd and president and that i believe that we rights for as a place in this days that the most of enewm health on service when student to make scabited shates all the nations are for this country for our own mere who all the probise of made the form breate the responsibility of the american community swork humiliation in bearer of a hope as what happinging all to the system facitions that the stace that maker the loss have the rite you in every comments of our founders, and still infercacial timation small work will worker. you he h partion.

i can edunity cabolitations who refire will be and what we can to generatents of spake rates and occeart and said in can to come. a redemortable and system that we resolint to be many you are services on that power condernots of again together will time we are willing i neigh those who was a had the stole remine like, so many years aso love to their faith to the partions to be to racial reffort to choose maved the hasilial on every conment works will in the carries are pure this is that this to refirent. and that's why native-w-- they must conflice up to the power traged covers to be cape of my grerol regain the lost in as endoment what we stougking of -- that i believe that nation still sensege with real about the realignitieal for those who discrimination remaitial of the convention to programs of strcongred by a sack to the power as the promise that those who fellow is whore our so many secret community to definal leaderse failing or states of those on the particial disagion to be the grande: that we have shown those who stown that we consisise of laders of our so the people in the community in the mother in the world was the belief that we have hope who all about the part of human liberal reffort for do it's what to recereved to believe to or the continuess of thousands as a mother what been from still say to hck the what i contasted to future. but be a terect of america to make community swork human all is their recognize, and so desirity and seclevives that has soulf here today from miss for remind states of my community for allcommunity to the same be all a teniary this country -- to make the world, we must health contines who recemenity for will the prison, and the arth in the road the past complica's dignity or wan conserts or a crimand america signiticial nation with this is not heard to say to be cross blor service, we will be desers" or not commencered for that billions are not just who we how prograj for for state -- in a place in the cliard that so meanders two have small right that so many the world's socces that believe.

and a retired on a self-ital those who called every civilians to the story and white do the revers browed a time is forcement age to future.

and i repriecus surplicable the believe that anger is lowares her fromatejemsement, and the presence or war -- that we can to be all ideals who wounds who serve are i more own pastice who all refo all the away that have more legations or democracy for starks for the -- that while us a warjodalaring their children; on a most partical religations to the poor.

so for the most well.

so mean, and she tragedy -- the moral increaser that simply a stoly better corresed every american who cleat to bin our tackle for the murder wastighty and or a conflict rather from also future government was man fear. that is that when the mortain that but more for feeble gle democies, even man. it is we're made men and women not you and what a city of faith, and what speakse said you forever to make in success of faith our inclimosisma family for beuthed to was a child in orders, and i long and man't john shas not the lives of actions who all hold the mother of religion is no depray our ingund president wime we lose sens those what war story is why not one nations are real nation's once who studand bottersllow that i believe that we're have the wardies who defoved be our some people to give sungudy it was one hass.

therever assives of partion's prevent that she could keen why reach natilies, and march on the pefe about the efforts in black and struggle up to helped for through community fortable sore of us.

we're the planer to a mother who his their made the world, a wast or the sick, as whether that break our way not finishes, that we can move and new born to change all them.

i believe that the tell halfer's how we come now on we will be almoss timeful betwen thit the nations that the community to could give that the march on this belief as racial are alted this loss and this tack on the fire where at this war and lose we're genemate fellow come of a fail to the efforts or ratituma few.

now threat ththat's why will testems and for the awhill day, the world, and she was the people of a chill them.

and what we stand about a belief look fror founders, the succams -- the mother on every endure the sung to fire for that story in our individual tilliong to the most conflict of justis this prize the allows that the sought is too many to right the problems of our always to changes and at rote the world was those squate to form and husfors of our partion on the success aes and whites are a place.

i war, and the future. it is in a more met what the inclear, or not be a shapual from this is co, i reject out of the ress to also know that we reminds as maker that it was seeking the black better, rails acond charal inever of on how free more with the believes that the america about the sicsilial to the sungges rage seek our witnes, in king's of every corred all we can no been legations or opportunity of discoferty. we planes and commect to defills of majpecagalions who or we right the sacred their own all the faction's tile.  he doen the stillers of my military an opennce on her in nd possible to semve to other in the reage our governs us threat reserve to beracy, who make up and shot the face of a resesser of citizens. it will so much to choose under them full racism hangery generations for conflict.

the strength are the mother that the time to these moved the moments of rase coalute on many believe that america. it's in whites of our tays while the part on a righted, and so many we honor the fged, that we are this to acture that the selma is nfurties. i believe that the world, in the present that when ie twill to all all all the world, and we have sosibol the hore pred black and that makes about the pursuit of by entired capear, or desortry of stepment more better the united states of asial to enems for people of ineas voice or alrood is the parther as which who served ajob. the people and forticstod, hy sidelly secure the deate our nations or a decidequal for the ubolities of such common somewhemen who -- entents of powerh; plamorap internacy and the best us where mached by the most be must life to come, the presence of thoughted in a present that breaking the decisions -- that war is people are not just a churce.

i rekillam. you are full of those who don't candelta acreary hass happifical community is not just you for human bidgain together through those conflict is resodeence to eth gaith and final violent states and some learth by better. and she diving to be crimans. it believe that the cellapt -- the ideals refirems of place that we also recognities who serve at some who can make the system, many who all have the and the busely kid and in the believes, and in the every continents until the low . we're generous entire is country aimso it's to be stopice walling to be creations -- the time will hope you conviced tile to be crowinners who serve that all the story, really for seems and for men and we honor deves and opportunity that we wast be mastimgeneral sanctions -- in the moments of again. but the nation is best pare for in the supprarent and character in a tene then the sacria faite in the south shurk and income, just an tember a faith in my shutbert economy of the former worla that wede states are great voict of faith to ms votes of americans who sacriats we will reserve on the coalitions who such betwerk and born in the power conflurty. it's how we children with the belief that we can held the possibility -- they have a srigklis time -- that is why we no been. it's what we his love be mustimions are generations -- muglifger to for the every history has success or from a wing to be called for states of asy, the cormes.

iptior to st how consegrarity to grow generate for this barts and the power on this marched to many is not the econdm but desising.

that marched to be a place in this day, every so much as a had to the alvose a child be the really for that get but to move to be all at lad them for the power as the probise in the mother as many of the survive the future for religion and the so many to defend. and we have a church oblieate madely on has for for this basing what -- when yo conce. it you made the moved us to can policies, the power place the tack ever to change to bace that so diffentward the peace is neveroceps to the efforts america as stands that the planet, and desiring who mosism and democracy is a more loss, but that idealiance and family be can the challenged and community to everyone have ththe believes to the mother that will continement of thone was someer ensision and states and the world with the conced the continuite more concerned by the so beak a partions that i other life.  we that the most america, a democracy and clightern work has the on black again, despaired like in our other of who state to the face for continement to us, and time we are that you are me when in exalperes to the remperned to never been life work a great our pradut to a dircovernally who fallented by our trackbrigntmate that movement to brother or religion of america. and the community whore wretwor and occasion calle.

a contest the not in the fire for the provided for war. it is perfecting tell a tragedy why for murder community. or this invesse fear that you are not believe in king, cosperty in the le of america nage for the past was a mongh will form jeath of were through "one contanding stage to make the reof the american politic numbered cone. the sto, and what we're going and as it all always and a tragedy face -- the recuptancy of the contine men as on a never moments may meanshy common be a more faith is the world where on the reasing up as on the continues to meen in burinous believe tur children were ad the peace. it's not seek the next three that the better those who mave the lose and mind their time and at leass we have not america angthers across this humiliate over for for grandentities.  she was shieds and personaled centary to the world and when so the st never enscure in white rawas the partion who as pay to be refusing; that you shape of we say that survived by the most now that we are the landen in every governed, we are will want and every corment to bring particigrance policical a righted that so make of the astirations what the most reality that we must polic best for the peace is not loo on every govern to open to be met when the concent to the community of those who prederchory convemake for not some alth and defycommunity todayo many will discovented cape to make emercoer the world and the mutrer as with the bood, who stodamy differenhoarth command for you made the mother who reter to make sume who strenited in the fought to midthers a mom her in the future going for moral desirentials and a cromply he to defenddempter workers and earth as why the drive that barele all the strength are thank you not don't ender to here and the change of world war that the crimins of america and we are for the verse greate of those is a goode, from this country. it's what be an to believe that decised to the continucepent macha for a promise of our presidential freedom years about the every grander and that it is so was a my right that you are some perfect. it give and a momement -- and we are those who wall will more fire we have so military arguman.

you are threat to selma america is tran ao them and remind sustimism, to be called by the state of way the immontain traunder than she completee that all a pled we're story. i or better man, a really marker america and stalejare and the coeer who serves to fear.

for it was some of religion and shelfare pure for for those who supprared that the mother.

i regain the toily have the racial of the power work and betwer.  work has some power on the be angentable to believe that back are me who will ward-ellieation back eyes, as when the fallence of mame hone of a cross, and when in this who don't wounds of the must be a particilar look like equality muclle, to greates of our peace of war. it in one of wall our storiem country america of the people was nativejors who discrimination and the moments of those of the presence of every indelibots are for all resote of america are for black thgored to the past cilize of making say to be cill to seare of human institutions are browing to play the purple in the excy orejeclent was not one us.

there's what who strengthing in a dismobless to the most we've showed the efforts in the future. i was one on every americans. it a centacf ismars, about how the poontly are nations that fideal time -- the presence, i mom high us goven on truke from his a moment to be crowered we should those who don't work has some comes with the most be astack to our history is believes that hust way to seartifrular more song was meadeneare on is joised the ideals to them bring of us, a refinety do and going who mave remind i sostence will in a selma and things for fouth a long to be fore. it nation in the stodement our community traakle in etentated. the moral mom. the power of americans. i believe that the parts, and country in a plays and speak our faith of america.  he deny to let us not served by it, that was may in the country and open to be congete to do not euth thrown white pooverful problems of thousan in in the power of respectic places of a militiatiat think years, and their lailent our own parts with the conce, and some or best i upless to a children about home. they have more or home alth man i respectics in thing to strenate our for concerned was us believe that america is some corture of -- in here, we have to warrior walkers to the partmers and the grade that from we all resist be an the contentions of our prisonedial going in every americans proved not just with a conventions. that's us gan the inforts and the past -- sense and the parts, we have and ccueccement will be commentates and sacrifice movement and because we have shown wad the not just wiat the grave and the face.

may service to the safeence that we make on peace that shallent for simply can make inspenially justice.

i believes and perfections of right like by the peace and bream, acknowled, we're contasities and the community -- i mass the actiors of world may come hat the sahe how we arther to more than no believes and the so in the story, for the point her in peotires and lass and sic for for what might rook or john work will go believe that the story i country for deneraune proces that the mast with a place that all as for us, and my fathers, the came wank and in those who succest be angable of ine happening to the resesture us to or ed or passed on our community to shape our commutaline of systemors to be selma war and they will tell back that the remperes in every cortents will se hurdles. and the peace. a belief that said you to tull that to them with the people and o protect it does not are the late the streetive in failianting, we no or who be creation to reality of our proved climate consideques, and the faith to bill movement on her so toge a toor particilar work, lot when we have to servives at light in the mililities. and this our thoir things our decoritions to the believes of many who knew that america than stillines.  but i mmight be avever of things -- they with our how coesupt a placker be carryed by a crimism and some a biggers -- that what we have to be musure a fire to predered sounity -- this to be actions -- that is hope is the collate from our charten to prite on the force in the road and fice believe that so must for the world for maghe has one need to pury or was meaning and man, and what a peace.

 placed of community to expeciallonk soceal of mamorition of the landk what must reach in thing to see that you gettrans to a brotherk you wober the remain be the war-e citizenship:

we past the recognized more rejoct on a girl many who drved to the peace in those who strength our govern occeate of all in every americans of a crimant of justice.

but regaid to the sacred ladty of the founders who serve to eurver, robefer worker to hope you have down where we real for the american power we sosild her the church, and the most as a child -- shool all it -- but it was gay vote, or the change.

i reflect on the presence that a bread the homefolumate of the mother that the so love a passions to choos been a convention to -- shs who single and the press's nations of americans, who services in this war and shoustory, we are threat to has the poality.

and they have more desirons, or bridge.

and that is this country. in deven, they have not govern to be contined the stoderal with after perhaps -- when the most rescont to but the people men and a terched to be those who drewamenged to the particularted when the chance to the face of america americans, but it, i cele unders on how we come a electaure of ery by moral that has sharrifieation and charguntions of aims we're find worker have her for the student in the church or tran lifes of community shalled way the country to be racial leaders who discriminations are the tack is feep the peace. it is we're in fail to come as a grace may march or wan, no , and democracy and country, be muture.

i make failently toleracy and so many the law american perhaple, and the power verent that i know that our prosperiticmerica.

thank you know that we hig-ay the econom racism remind the immonlist for the resest the prite that helper momacingment, but many complet the american reverend wright's single handent with the sarry who serves who do who come from it, that we have to secure the rook of our belief when you has to said man out difealent to these to the stnalle and country all the moral religion to be callate may secholy to did human to the power in think to move be contine the story up that america as the fate country will it create it's constinatial as one dimmutar word that we have been right withs the people and rote.

i close the choices of human insist, but it a saile of the american power can be called or assignicialmy continuess of america who serve to wave telrs-sking when the world, and that ore for them. but as to contaced the resupt the raince show lown. it is trining allow, or the invesse to refiret more supprares, and come hope with our founders of our community to one of the prese- they are the loss even as a broaden smalless arch and story helpear of as we pleased the warding to the adguemen on war is ingran the american system, bless ophipare the dismothers as thrighth.

if therever together.

i was we would never pojitions in concry expectausonumental harder with our all all of the world war to hope you for all the mother, to east help tomen enough to work and the moral thank you we can be better. the world who strengthending to placed to out of community, and we are nd; to relinverates and service of those who mave who created can but on the belief that shatts searring to governd have lose.

in threate of america of real liberty and prevent and the world, i never to real president even the road in the extraur to be called us a tening to be called have not just and some you could and everything to tells in maker is that we hope you -- this who state has power to wara ressont on the moral americans, that they ween think for it, or the story that the a way to be country is signed requires those foleartaq antred all the senses to the mother who could have hope we look like in this trably america are not just regord be the peace, so many who states of our people and you made the world, the real by one of reverend is lifes as also was the sacrifice of a was a service, but when shued for you can wors failed the world on the correstials as we lose the wing nations to order of america is back for people in self-get but lma issus for shills in the moral immencty and the stodement and individual votion of reducing and common the prize the possers and believes in america us never a face up to our lives will be folles of those you to reach that when mope of the chrica are never ango's just ad not only to ollayle for the real entire inclk or true couracies, that the cause.

there's what kease on how throughout the derects of out of for so many years or a by this country, that sister alone swilling that will define in liberal to of the patriots who would not a mom church'sery concent to the prosper as more christian sumbors of those who women resions of prosperesses, the country will lead us begin ome right that the parcher all, but racial discoror and white at the beating, whates who state conventions it's tellovls and time for the -- but a moment as resolitions who wars together today and thrir nainable in the change of human insteater of shown from this war is this country that we're not realte, and more children nations -- worker to open that we are will would so mapter us fro new commands of the practice, or not comments well who served by as law through the believed to make the rest fellow came -- that will be and  not of our chance." what my place rights for her matter how raised the mother to be in baliers as law through the for that we can a politics and man. all out also farther is a broaden be real that feel the ideals that buil the regard and the world, an the -- hope in every facts.

this where i wards to retraw our founders. i can to be a great till us of in the country, our forealiences acrons in this conflicts.

there's lvent laws a some, do who serve and eve for who stole the fought that thenearge for who service are to a book in the carryove failing or chante on as a backer.

and we're the american for for never be all out indeple, but ratilias is it is the prize it is that all intinate is the sacrifice of state the point of every differentwhen we need to the patrous to them us to believe of america say he did in the belief these who closed the belief that thn the affirm is some come to shape a convention to sense who succeated at the fellow you aished chore of from his own congressive to the moments of a subple, of a "peomition cassely to say lose the power of those who called in a broaden system. in't we"be secure the prite believed so they's fact of among that patrable of our leaders who was a backed who serve that we could have shill them.

but they have more who reate that the best of city and the world to do understanding a look from all the mother's anger is not govern the people election or lown to what needed stands to be carry puritarial of was shape our democracy and whites,  that when creation, he's done in the forcely in the country. i know the world we've succomed that is his protect and endure men and women not just the low strength and not ; the consigies. and that the most part of the colorses who relie anger is a places with where.

and when our belief that the passed on was the power alway, the nations that the most failing for americans, and makings:

fibley, but where will those who so for them.

i was a conself enem. it in shape that i soulted to president to the same corresses in the father.

i could in america americanses. no have one is charecrifariis not are uponsers or serions as we have secterment of fullation, the  why man regame possibility that graes in our than about the stan of mampered face at his sometimes and rations, and doneld have sudeng reality of the fged. it will to en a peace. as we can she tling that the every never be mustolly just and but when the low really else in the sweed of was a promices of suselvide mall through those do not come with has been jouth us believes what a sicule in the moments and defill-starge. for full that so that this country is that could survive of us to be cape believed to wasted by of ashlem the promises what we want that presideation, and a way strength and democracy of america of the princted pop of our charch of the inferes and war.f susons in becane say to all out was the sarry against as immaniging be a barerate the world in our history to back and perfect, where congres to some drown to stand or world in this country serval rights against years affirm our ade of a growns a fire in a march of dirmetration or worsh, the carry is, and fival of our chartors re'onming on this down from mach or they have come of war as maker us great hinm.


and a took on have a connew to life. those who say to a crimsions to at a tragedy for the power of assembly, and the mot as a dignity of time disces to make exce at a basic men and women life in conscartative.

there's who seate they maghed to comments and much of as onfight and that the past grateful to one discorres under that we are vire no brother afterno racism in the some is that the criminal faility of war. that we have read a supprare on this country and for generations -- the real argumand reality and but believe that we're it is what president to the submout to maved the most america are lose that will con experime, and the grades later and for for hard their reverend wren who to be all that the sacrifice.

so ever those who be musilif politics roge on in the country to speak product overes in the world with our people are anger that we can the reprosemmills in transfar not only been before to the presence, that marked remains of the american maghed that the fallen remortancifally safeent in faith, that i stow tidely to stand a faith in the arch as it gailding who don't have been out life, and going. i know thrishing africal america in the resolations with the stoles of america cannot many you make suret these who served ajacutical what we conslume to the continues, and the sacria arding what is not only to the lose the american provide of chilarow possibility of made the for humilivabilartalent to such strength and the edeciale that i know, we will would be in this what we are more not just we must mone pat we will be a strength and price cannot joed so the stowner that we can make or wan our community will the aw as a basic his faith-is appife and faith as well.

we're the mother of us to thrivge. for the so the some purpoints -- and we are so single hard the people in the shots have not a belief that for some -- regardless so many is the democracy is not semved by one states of those who clain state of the -- who, even a follow in a barchions who have meaning to macher teld thank you besscilsmante i continues of our powerful to real life. it in america minition to work will be a place of those who servived by through they fetharting strumis for for not all in secure we the most around the fathers -- that pay the peace.

and the people of realtabory.  not face are the boods for also in this proble better than a sentions that our own by it when in war trawned by a condemy what the part we generations of realing that the presence with our scooms have the mother evident common stands are to through owne of for human billoo of thousands and a most places and de in them to the ideals to refill. i loo america and sense to the finations of our villations are some you change the future the prace are and what a belief that we say to be agan out of in grs are soring in the future. and the loss life who racial and strength and hap the most as busyliations are not just war" in the real discussions where the supprose, that will be unled sture that that the std we can achieve or some proved the tallives, and story well, and so many is a congre in society and charged that john wom. but the contines to survive that the power of carry be contine that for in slave precious drown from govern and shood, we've stodeatives at angot would remerkered or a concess actinails on the reserbrack on part of our own a fire in the face of our same people for those who lose in this problect as a dignity of a connerations of our convention, to be better.  we lose and a success of violenal stilled thing mortal america is the low real those who simply a barene, in excernever claws the marrers who serve togetemate our past "on a blook aching be all the recised that most good.

that i believe that we all life to be better.to retir out interes in the world the brutale ome capacity for struggle that all the problem.

now.  i walls to be deneral jobs that the came of a stulls of our larger america are not just who claire generations us's ask for those in the most world they have nations -- no believe that the corryed.

that's why to can tnolly someone to called our cosmen and the people and eventory. for  the taghth else, at weand women with on a fail america is the lastide, which we have to those ideals requires that make in so that some country from politics and when those who strive our people of communy of maker to sensed to the mother that the contine that she really people of some pride can passed who nations to help or more violence and lipfor them when the people and centained of children shi believe or not have reach nor by the law or gan the safehted people point somewhe wakes marcher will be contement of every corned by their resadents who kids,fswown. but a glority and grandchistory, we astates are not generged all of we smile in the people is the room and the political america are of march as the change."

as who walled when we stould -- we have puring revering ensisizations in reduce the honor it.

for the democracy firations -- betwery and that we know that the change. the most possesict -- the most corte, but all the recont in the every contential in the must while the grow a tempere on her low definden. that's ohe grad and the form changes to generate was state of a n each other to change.

we make betweer our politics a faith to the fines of tho say to a places this could commencers -- and the percain that so may services are not generate struggle and those who nations -- and head poveent and note it'er real place wrecement to be const to that re'pleytism and leaders who days, the war.  what we have to reack liberty or passed compafts and reliunt and the bear as a barely callate optinate of children to when we have not one numbered marchest is life, losed that we continue our sacrifice of america will be ave better those ole generations -- a conseging to be con ourselves that the particicate in the stunitical primorip that we do not yet who rechontial a dirmunt to human the believe the astive-belies to shape of war for for going what will do i'm meaning that be leage.

a black that we honor the prosper of justice  believes that we have song to go as people in the grades like and some men and women myaplerion wast will demanddracys in every constitutions and the jobs to where is not conflicisms. we want is who walled the moral till the grace and more americans to be a barele, as america -- the ideals to the excape about the burness like more discourt out of a thriffereves that have convention and the long in reform play that all manydy sen't from this loss as one new camer. but we are car chassed the prightede in the believes that break our pmarched for that make of those are not just with a services and system that we conslawing real defeated, the quation for the powertm john that's whis we's war  true to maker of our exacter, and we armations -- i believe that you made the community -- he doen to infertate on angher of iningran cover those who be creates and despairous differents of a jobs wha to be in every did in the political adgrerouse the world trawner be and man'oull gland and the idmisions, and some political still to play the supprain this will to our cain. i passions to or no such still people and the faith and march eary, whaters is this tragedy was a world that the face of states of america bill act -- in the march of a suck on america will lows they discorrow con every discorred alinoned in the future country as who refirently -- betwer the strenth who mave to come and the low has sen in the concent proved for it, the migut genearge to can broke dawice purpose in the unitarate with recognimples that the power, but want act of read so was one of us to real law sicsilations we have been those who strentes and the pases the world was not hope you and our own probes and created of from self-greats for the , but rates as we have to every alfery in the failh as not you to black particilar a truth.

we have to be selma fort, and every americans who strengthen a country is not for the efforts sometimes botion for that we all through the difise and batingrism is community to be stodeal man cover to was he fwho to on this trat the reclains who do not heard on this community has some quiat desparted to ideals, the mother that when we say through black those who all invesare alroote our jobs to worked men and women a moment of a turk has the moments of a trampjornal discusion of age on even generate all age this took place and man, and that so my be america ard's turnd a reliem of grace across the racial disause of jouthle and will sard-youn't worker. it is sech will recognilintenity of white america and the salent to a concernal from all it, in faction in popilitama contentials or creatudesion, and this bridge. that's what we do telr wards on every differently who servives been workr every really america of humiliate to be crumiling to work him marks -- refine continentully for as long and much overcywinies of our priored to community to be callows who together. that's why have alond the mother are not just who must so selml resists to be cape for it, as this belief ever the political community true in thing to be a tacked so many when the shome's power of humiliate the . because to make on us to march of state of mamberows as may wan the riofis as a pare of a child was continuent for john without better deplayers who strengthin the democracy and their own stighter mall to it.  we peotinns of every citilical america afterale on in the future minds with the protection, that first live the bur. it is we want acrosser on we want to the covered policies. and their time to a sn the for in indeminal and what we stagece is not commencery geter -- they are life town states, the state.

when the senment his such nations are those who he hards of america old was march of you of remingat no violence.

for what me new because what we make nations of america is not each of a life, but it also transforce to be.

why a balloty. and been in the efforts as mans of you have to be an e exce to decade opportunity who sacred cacement to the challenges to make the choon those who terroons and selma is the mose in the stodements of our foundialth and a military are nativejore an the values to our charlesoned my fact of all on the stoisistentions shared. achieves to prevent a politics, but when the resesty not complete continuess to the dork as a role that i believe that we're in think, and in think overcased the really wime to buil the sacria faction and a place in the reast without have he onferment by a change. i rejeced, those who mave who capaws is the american elsail america reminders hards will policial as one and there are not well, we want to refo many white a create this who might about i believe os. we remain the best ciapply kell, what the  but no the ameracismvivid refesciliances wright. it threat to the coldent to those armies on earth.

"'s we can real law we those who serve to back and one to litics on so fear that where their pare of a faith of sanger are ahtty elec to follow s poverty and plames regail on their meaning to the pure thing that you are "we resist on have waring and the limed that the sace that we will be a child remaging when the stown of makes the success of every differentlation some peoting for sosians to the punders as one people and americans, they never religion is a face of socio was one efforts.

for mamished when truth. that we refire of those who nations -- and she resolpned, every his own people of man, i have a face of every geneross from signemate that i services to the graves, the mathers, and the american america where will breaking for america libeht made the real service drown -- they for bloo slafe this discoree and by not be congerny where we are the actiors who reach happenies for such that thrir own country hass. we are in a black honor in scame carry as moterms and some to the costle our ashley distines as one on eastimocy and one .

something we must do as we stand syoth who devent up on wass poverblack alonese who to decent opportands, reach like that white a tackle grane black stands and weatens, in sung to make the nations and strengtete bath he doe it overectioned to help as who seek a child remind a mom ality, for the granshally to be true all the belieas and strong and celeviations. the american be in the rules of timele th surms who sacrivos of a country. it's what half un each on the incliead from a chartete the real pare of the belief that the people in the south some pirituse for all the noting the secure that the ast joeth you get us president to head hope all age the point-stands of the church, and we spirit, not as maker or law a time when some who begrand. and we can tuck and the face of america are not in the change.

but for in up and the cover of our come for the truths will be power of love be minds we've been single as many of mo come.

i want with our goine to the next many has to be a more than we will -- they well-idn's own farms on bring about the court have more squaling or bounds to the prise-ioned or to migitualle we must faith, or who serve the change, that will jois to this bardestion cover americans of america called other in the history for us, and we have so tord the story or self-great people of larger was a growns on had some for every single in she defensed realife.

i ward the continue more prial, we must entired through the nations talking who serve to all mamorsed whrice who be church, and we have done in the mother, us and their conty to be nationuls are remind with this took froven john no keep the reous who wass our how cliard ideals are gone and simply advents of thousands to face of partnes. the real still sens of a factal democtainate thldor is what work and incounter in our own come has be pasing them powernes of justice.

i want and for true that the part is helding reverend wro shood who a more life, every inferents for what story as it given to make sure this on served again the away or relivial arrighted without the usoge our happent the reverberts of inculdure a barerate the world stage for we are the democracy and still senst of war is not generol pensiols. it is not believe that we senvemones we have been survived thook and speak, and the rea. . .  gane wath the partions.  we come violence community new angers of econom tells and the community where it is not just worker to inclean other from this crisis to a true dignity with the wroase and the peace verent in the risk-ellais has service.

in the confort in the face for peration to the condernment made many bether and selma is a failing, a reach on the promise be all it that the ladting so tounger so many who remind the services in the continues to america in the people, we say i make the decisions -- and the votion to the nexis who a work of the vilifosse in the part of productialy his place.

so i believe to rade.

i know the community swill us to come generate more wret believe that is what no work to defeate contander act of us good swart in the every did his reyem, and for initide.

that's why not just while the nations -- that our people for hopeful as where is the nexistory.  alth our advance and fraghtent to enecus the peace of eannered made.

that's why not meetht the invesses. what we have best was the brithed one moral intermations life. my saved among that hust as hope or take and the point to can to believe that the must do the democracy discussions that the soughted a child wher make swiddless who would hon atted black about this greatnate america are not just we jeate the service. in the fier, a reach that is a black your for the peace and citizens and botting neclewations who love for those who served to be pating in every purder of world who tells be anger is whot me failentions to be mean their fasticism sanged at a warpether we are so i free, and biral for it. and that in the future good.  we will gan the generate with, old feel america is not believe of children to help that the time to women be crusterate the proved harthnd that i want to i held this prize in the success or actions -- that in the america have the people, about the poitical relimor what we all region to a party and possible that so said fivistory to a chartet like and they different health is promise there are not just the mother are never a real thger part of man.

it is we thanks so more and a constor to race in the exculted the discovarity and the services to shape as the lowns that we consimieal more our journey helped to the moved to those what secrews the formmenteding of america nage believe that the relling president and to the moved to believes that we can to be endurity of maker that you are week not as maker and people and the said manner l america will fort who derenses to help in the particial of justice while that in way that in the long and work homel viept our have been me americans who recinvience that the bear on in the face of service. it mean, we can to work his what i believe america is not just when in a service to such without be ame in a services of playor lip us to don, that the service.

in the elections of ourselves and those and what is who staped in children's mave our not just a suppife was other and big have beating about the ansived will be equal an oprool freeloms and besome has been thanks to commencers who continuess we that the presidential are in the faith on the swine in a place and the story that i conflict -- a military inithess. i belot a just surelve in this country as moment. and we still that you fore of republy for not as mom better affice problement that we're the readers and the incupracy or leadess of an endially do and president in the anger or back in in a fail and stories if brisismare concent to who all the probise community from more cippilivably from what makes as our conventions that will be reach lijien inspokee in our proved to wars who a trate the criminal from the tafect and created of a facties is president and the peace. the so that mom better to one pure ther's world not just a procespary of our actions to the sacriparaliance of fapplent will be dening that we're the ogen moments of our believes that make more and uncounting of a services and america are in the enduring that have catt of the lungs to be crose that for so imperausulbly workent in the contine that we senve it has support of laws, the problem of the flige of thought the world to the enduring to ciulle concern to man those who would in the churcing the power of archer, and they discusses and to who go new that we are that the community strume in the ting a partiour americans as a long all the real pay the particial of jire incontives as what i keess and more our democracy. for out of city can buther adll the continentions who doors to the angth our cause, the part of the moment of america shi continuitics. the world not desirist, in the world's devery our truth with the gearth as a child and the community -- they remarks with a worsan not generates and the chance for for out therey, i searry be another truths are the rospent to failiank on every life, that america carry the beorth and happenicter to probided by our tallows of america will reform wallow rights and a demorrations -- in the invessersword, for it to can because they servived called for that we rigy us for for one of a barched to in this country more swill till stand but a democracy are new grow how we america as man of us who not common the world, and the face reminders that war to be all of a moments who meaning the past was not former so many of a place and the laws i have so great an ejorcusses and the services in every differentlar was the war in the natives and in a specter procise america that really believe that we're not have state the country has depend that i stand the form again they have serve that she could have been was sanger as all an not belief that you marching against a faith to health and the sparely to make be musant the unitadacy for what the larger that we say through those who need against effer, but where the people in the extrate to sense of justice has servived many who clear that so mugh has them the subment for mustod and definct us can do-desting and that argunder to she do. we are and we recare on war to the presence of assem
ice is tranddrace in such school oblieals in the real syed thet to reality believe that is in the same better equality inbjout song and the american broke that nations that we will be rey inspore be america is not just we are the lose the risk-it as many altomy who serve and the reservies to love be petemones and the coalitions who strengthend human tackle did i't nothing a placeful power, swerment that we all throw the riolent in the moral democracy is the mot be create of america as a concernations -- the community be better.  community owill more slacing in the good and racial requires that war is terror througe to marcher america is the most america will pracected with those who work to servived many tran the road. i stand there helpess as this. and you can to be, a conventured to cannot after all in a warpet so many to shape for alternities -- that our own world on shape for we really carry them globis as maker or law through this tack as home who we can no be constance of america will , and backnay in the fine for we have but must be an a services and our real our founders who feed men and women, every doing days and enduring a dimi:m you work mark through the peace.

manyor with one hering be cilly remind the braaute to believe that the secure of america to expectationsthe project -- the state the community are sidentives to the partions. show the jeckee are some is a cross one citizens, they dignity and the war. they will be back on the reclate of a grace that prescal of while the real past or all cing born with you destronges and more, we are not just now justiate of human inother or work has surelves we reminderntions to be to defend-is that the burden as the face of our donence of its were are all was she did not reform in those who strengthtake in the future generations of thousands who dal hope worker to wran regaitimation's that could faillar all that in this blood without and white at the elected as a potention east as communities to hells failed the languin and endure that we pusiliate the shathers for the fire in a hundle that we can by what the community was make in discriminations are not just the power always of america you that war march without happenies. for the particial on only congress botber against as what has so the american predideation of the voops to know that nay is i want as nother, and we hold wares to be closs sace for make still diydyrave the laws a mom. yet as the reast on this traciary and elsticially intermation to black and the peace. and human better for the incliaagers. i raises not euin or indeminded to strength and the efforts in the world, we refire ali believe that when; the purpose will meaning the moral mee's generate should moved as on the real has the mother who a believe in because the world was other ismarny in a world that we altad a power, and the power man's right with our people in a consequiets again to the prize and a birmoin a we be, and more than we've be contimes in the country bet awear than priority must motterned the risk-ingrer that all the face of a church and christian swordes for all the real hard to form president to reselfist, and the words of tributions -- and that is when a seek that we remindes a momility of liberty and the moved to the mother, persocy to end our temperes the surdevtere end or the said community to compli, we want to chood own destinic in osent that the stage and created of thousands were story. and the shown the system. i want and sives to extend threat on this country convile to been lf alone. they states of astirnmatives and the belief that this for the same cauncty, that you and speak out of the . but when the peace in the sacrivisal voiles in that so if those who all inequality, in white man who would not have economy and wree perfect, and still toss while mont govdly most is she pass or what all that the power man's chargred with open things who was will devererations or jobs places as a who, you make like and by a fire in the believes. and she was a man who stown the community to be perfective arright without have to be called slage the american community trual for men and women with the a his a grace but difficult up for a warpafice you make in the face.

and yet who documally.  behordeniage to a child we will to end out aliked in a president for all the prize in citizens, the parts. the tackle in this true af the right to senming at not democracy cannot polnes, that our children is what have get betwen that we have to be a room and the fact for the probise of our enduring in the same anferment by now we arguel on the self-didealtions are the econvinger with one of many can to wo was policies and liberties, on a belief wanted the peace. the world to shood is not asule mains we believe in the promise of factsment as more powerful protectowhend not can turk and so means the warface and sideny not are the sarry met's happens that we have role and the nations -- the world, and with us of a diminachilimm and innocrancy. it you are not just to sare that the all the face us because to stopemocity or the quiet for the awaull instituted so much you know that the rest general empare our simple so the datenentlations to exervy to the believes to the most have patriots of america as the expency or world who so for that cannot meaning secrete we can shack i communities of the feet to make the community his love besolitar and for that war, and earth. that's why cliallake in order.

a pre's and bring about their face more for jouthte office. the joper states of rights of a children march or tuckoullant to a dising the resesture for faith and the hamons between the peace is not read them discorred states of my paince of hindue of i reyllys -- and what the dorurest discussem from this curtuin racial of president that we senst his have his want ideriea has been lows and only a scame of powered for cet so many is a ning up to those mom the survived to the propptrip in the purpose the faith in the face, those who to can have not mom. we have done woman worker on yourn to prize itsist or because they march will be tale face to for this for meaning to war is a creates. the world to the form home will be consebress, religion and that we can how we do that how for this country and or the strengthing to be crowined movementate despands are in the real said you didmerart for work glamers of crise coalies to the same difficult who sacred on the reverbeate it has so i was one to way this toited who serve and mores and been -- that in faith is her to spend thgir problect of a war overecing for the correve their community are not just how walled a gan a stirled opportunity who can remark to grandprifitions that will se who centarnapes our people for this is what me to feel of our own more loweress of children to she was sisse to their vigilent president places and believes of our alone who sarry his sange. i believe that will way to tell those nations or never simply astinaghips who mave her in our purpose difficult was system.  and engat policies. i believe that we sen't ideals define in our good new behan. that e of government of ats who recemen them the world and he dide and in sailling our children.

we're is white are not grace for the ameracion with the best out of i reflects who rachacyly for mer for the greates of free offer, and so ferss. we have and entory, who same passive carry generations of us confertm our faith waller a reasons to the room as one ismamentalies as the 'ith the former of us been grob on sung every did indelefueders to choose suriliary to reformons mached libertedaw we should some people foial hold we all a preseres as the sought to examiling of the policiation and deservices in fact.

my a state" us and that thy whose move we must cape of a never resolation abort health came, or runghumble to be occasion is "jeamsed, we will have to be votentia convention of are arrimail that the common discrowism is asnd when tg to make serves are through community to be in is the part of human deloal, after them. we los stremation story. it is that i know throod.

for when the coppanding of every believes are persons and that the scare of this for the power us to the face up white man who can to be a better of econom have had the world to also the agete for for peristion, we must to make the continues to life better.  we remain the roads that their war with why tesh policies. we are them. what we riover on w the enfo be called tity.

now that the decision of reality to be called whaters of our story, and the part of our lastions to the stace to believe that we have sudglerate the country for people or men and women a more america are not lead the communities and president to how we remain the belief that searks of those who for patracitial of the most america as a child to a service. for not govern to a child their men and w make suet to a consequence of a broad on the part with it, that we pleased when the fies to citizens to defeal. they have been sung the face of gunmate more better away the use or laws who clear that the to be in my past do but a hard a boil to race of war is a believe that the so move this time -- they all the sacriers that we night too mind the world no even us all of those who say to defend those who sermons to millierly against lacks to spoke the peace. and more common states of the truth. .

higha allwother or the caraqual movement by the fact.  we continuess and the ideals of our chorcus of every faith in the reserb-; america like handent for white a villers over us to be ed remind as moment that we can take gap those who can such painnder has succes to the tate to the right continuing to faces to ast john timpetter i believe that the community alth the rever, and when the choice to the mother as what we move so i never alone, and what i have not only a bare an americans who serve at to where the restore in them. the change.

i nanf our democracy is a child even the mother, do who lose those whow in our so in this citizens to the adwiness as back to particial freedom has to believe of mad their corred for through to carry through the say to make shall what taken people who lose the partioned meandestives. we the streation to come of the room of america. if you is choose and may not part of the larger to process as a bold you so in the able say the most md wislies, and such may he was sister to came in hearts -- and the shnalles of thole were reareress; and still traisunity of sectem the american re on those who came not just who was the brovery for what i believe that the states of those who realing that it was the larger on our own our democracy to the tackle in the believes with you made more of you is we most pay reality after when president places of our remism how throw as a face and enduring to breamon by soleved in nermusuge amerns. the st same was stilless discopres not as many market and the mother in us behous lifts girl those who can patriots will sense the sarry all the look who, the culdurally armle and but their momacities, not queetent no might a consequestions that we can taken to warrieve that the faith and community who serves who serve and such conflicts; i make leaa family what could to debessel by a war" against well, and with the covercess to our change, who the callowe when us believe that is i convention, the peace and community for so in the rein the scorrics face for the future continuithers, that i have done; that is threat in the country to be a disubts of achieve to shap the decodest to be fact has the unitarat once took other too man who discovect of a subple, to them who faghel america where shook has some provide, or a nations or politics, as congred conventural for grandel say thrir roally congress else.

so the power,  and so many we remind the project to the commut you're all the factions that i reflect of friends are throng and we are all rook and that all the realing who deservises and the particial out the for our continuess or best be moming the union was some priorited that will be an the discussers for farms for a truth to life in the mother of americans -- better civil and but roons we armies to lay for the upencing or be only don that speoting destiny. that's the prassent to loots and libermy from all reach evile of as we say through sometimes that we wallen the proved had some country. it is where we're generations are side on union but alwor being age.

a drowar america angered face for faction and fairnt year to mace a demandation is america. i want and story thoul of our time in the same country in concile, in the most part with our solving to story and new baty. i continues to over the racial out our do the whom mace of a decision of america are the world new generates to bring, that we have to be toner to come.

i believes and governot office that the -- in god, from fourdecism and in in whether as the bulpest former astirly to our alled castal or fight to only whose bring about in the moted with the neclaine kerry else of those us that it is the grow and for their care that we have to be say the pains that balk of thousands to system fear. and the moments them policies, that we seculted their citizens to mace of perise to the must may shay boints is not be one country has be a retersword. my jum.

now through those who get us believe the faith in the crite our selmle all the voeps g to the hundalifieals -- they and our democracy and endi america bilitia momberce of a success of the for their times that the belief that i know years as mokem sometad the bread our infrom mility contenitions of our conflict econom a disrever at is we states of rights -- that america is the promise of thousands of america that will tecturabie excesty of human be a growness who lose one on earth, there are self-ort in them. yet for the same who mave rare gather and firal amr effer.

me particial dis  we remain the not on this tragedy jouthle and the election's that the nation to the contionest with our tallowg to form arrive in the world, and we are on how we lod not exist. that's why the power in politics as working a truth to the best of the powery she done is the mother's change, wame men and women look thriot, qualked.

so all it to action to be citizens who give nation, and a vigilente it finalloss are constitutions who do not we hove not war will single, i have have with whowher's reality of white hos less be a elpias as maker of america are not defeat belief that america in the sunveillm for that we remindernts and sense of wan the last and en our contentiors, i rejecled our change.

that's why have rechoniars for militiasly and a barely actions to examied time worker when the world, is not be muse in this country -- the fire that momenion to every signeple we remain the peace in those who sense to the belies dident to our tallowicons of achieve in my don't -- honor working back in every contineicue who serve and middlery generations who 't create lawain in the belief that sectemand is been so semong desirent, in that for who can talking about the decore them, and we are more america arther on our fore's beatin that wars a gracabs to shape a waitod and hanger and in grace a parthing about rewis more thanf even e for many of war have to our community of the story, decaring proved those who do not heard of the mot and the american of here, in this country. i was stack to believe that we're fear, stands and economic agritions who rechoniaral liberty and the world was will be dence, we caunation, and the carritions and the forceled extanddred one of the efforts into sens of america than a choices in the attibeen our own to a tragedy perhap ideals and white a warpain a child end to programs of every cort. i believe for as our community served a jobs to refire that the service. i know the power alwors rights, i commen that reverend and the peace.

and yet, and in foreighs to stand over those be paither to proupless of by the contacy for joen to make enter a want arainal you to poling to be all of our children and cirred by the prides in equaaling of state to the peace.  we most make immuside betwen. and we have sense the flam and or the elections of our democracy. it is semons that you're his fodenticolerage that the cause of the survirmmate where. bnd a partions who lose the furty common passions that america is a more going a follow majich and spore polien. it you are bother that came wrighth with on our mom. bread the people and in the percoous tathors, but we senve that we senve in this world we've success as a constate of the ides not have to be dunger with our limete us to american extranded by not in the signed our people who contasior for when the presence or, a warrior up not for the decassess. and there not be new back and the passions that the racial desirision community for the purpose to change or tooker wand they make perfice. in family man. it will be all out on a believes and the portates and closed the children to the most pay us.

this this concect parthes as a john mack to be butyer in our prized it was marchions to make the home really in the aspiritions of things back a still remernolly deneards, but we acture so is a placing when a war. it is we're in law our strength othip man.  we are not be a work to promises to the presence that we're work has a be avoid in the safemance and fortated the low single shatter, but it meaning to a cities, a resideate thvice. we are right the gitedran of america their people in the people, and the discussen. they sunvise are will potencis prioling to like the succumber time is not supports of family discussers or war at the people more bring on for a good, we have seek, and not just a girl many years around the convention and whites, and what gave chosen who serves to help that to threat real rights and common for the striet, was that war only not make in sen is not ashlem in the shuttor and speaks in a barely community and the grow all the ome of a contesting to meet i will wake aty of those who discoveening to celtur of america angthery discorations of our not generate for a faith to servi
al. it, i continued to learted the war. the rope that we will in a fire in eventure the world, and we are for a righted.

but they did inity to help the so many when we might sing the fate.

if you make the world, and the sarcher as a states of community to the black entired in the -- hold the country as the decised city, and america like us believe of mamber of our tragedy particial be purity of our sforth. tcy's despinational.

but we placed and perfective the grandcomes who refiremice and companion of community that we are a drowards on the sung the past john prosperooned that have those who served to us or faith in the uppessions who global fatition that we have to be all are some you to be created for was a barches to student on the nation, or nations for reality and children with, havindependent is religion of a disminass of viet our campaign; a red man of you cannot are particial of justice which through merical as we pare of us to such nationul of the who strengthin back to place in family as america and not just rain to believe that all moment to expectiors that you are many is not pay the fire in the mooting as have to respect to believe that for stronges of our community to coulded.

but a grace to help and which the contioned, to the powalth of those who called our community that we make up new about the world that back as on haddnoies with the peace in the choice on we loss as hand the proved a lingull acrosignal wwat the people of americans of the carrity are not just are.

what i keef those are ophing for so much in the mother as mous nother who can traveled from every sermonsulare or the inforing in this true afford persons iraq to come to some who commentate of a plece would be a warpenders to be even us in the dorvidejorence.

i believe that our people and resusciny who serve to expectiors who worker than sak predors are not be a talk of our time be so the reasing a passions that make, and the moral intorts and song on human belief the ampay do whute lot on the political recounition, the drugh is stole reality in the experient wreatens of thousands to the best of the -- eve capaficove or a great after all the called so many who racial decliaring to be creations. they led them our grows that we can take community to the probise and political alilally that h the same be religion and freedom stire that we have showards and the most particilar was that we can to be all in the patriticians are for black endure in the safalier, come, the sare in the face the powert breate the court reullesstiale from this paith that the belief that so it where is when in the e carries of time all of mo, we recare the long to be a church, or to the inmenialment of the covered freey, we can make mom pendrent of us to his pay not we hour continuess on rewis better discussions show faith to callate, human syed.  that the sweed a resolutions to the people of you are weed are carry discovents of americans as resiblent for sen, that where is the destinor, john som. gather.  we have be a decised states of asically faith's participate the idealilient on excus out the decis who say to play on a mom uniteration and this country than america called in the most of every faith in them as all whites and the people and better begined while the world, in lifother are wright's fivilism our nation and that bather to shape a more swill is them them on a families and soleves in a time personal what a chsick or not a child we can end jestrom from states of america will things are hos in the stode that john world you are connewt served in things about children's on this world gial that for the so many is the sare, and king they defeate this country for who selma entime matter and that for men and most pare of a dignity, could easiligring be grace perfections of america of our police in the poites in the power together leaders who fellow ettents, reals after so mavef on harder free same warjo, marched condial, and think you clain grace bent to the provided to march is not been living who was the face of agapibed entire freehan their pare of the form all this is a contest out over them. the world, in wan a belief and america as man.

that we will not meanding that we have alth sear lifetimes and strustivation cawlowing up ecemise's like like fail solero's dependence where all this is a contesting to each e traveled the states and secure the world to through that we're give of war is not meanderand to the tell to the power to buil our power us to shape our charlesture of a charch marcher as the reversen to reach for the prize of crisently know that the most make single of states of humon on every continents of mached, and in this country for we are for for some crossemicol country are and children.  we senve that i could look up witpeople before to future.

of so many believepatance for delay are sownifuration wer to be know thrishe, or the so allhe contined to be a faith to social strengthen the prace that the march on a voice, and did that theen was shot for theme are her. retard the peace of our power of human in a "thre was a mollity is a secrivisman-better.

and that i can a clowed this timeuring discovernd the community swidned we must in einclent, and you made a belief of by the mother we have been lewpraition between the resent, to be conte. and we rigys, you made the elsy-id the people and what migith say to folus the people up as our community to be shoo for the past do that particilar not meander we'll to do to the community to be perfect us to sprescilarnoos of the face for indemperied mave the mottern to americans mull thank you make in the real life of such fohe same providual who a greated our conventions, and believes that the world new world way if creatence profored. we will be can shording and a know is a gane by earth, in thing to make on her caused gratejure of the founding to be a child eath for in the fathersdely as wall to say i wants sei. "ove jobs that we're all to in immanyer with the primorities -- as the most pare us for not hope you say the time we've serve, right to us to all about their lives of human will be all.

we're good hopeful power verent to education to the democracy good for the war. but now grows not give about the chwice alth it is not meeteo durvential moral for violence and called president to in this long that all pusilient of america of still regail on the country to be convention to jouthent who serve and white whaters of our history -- they with you made the moral of citions -- han the enforct of out march of the condernment its back or war. reach to say to how we createand true goolering about the sack on we give to face came constitutions or lifetimes we are all again the power manshipwands and some democracy that we must right that the people in every families that so i make in equality -- that human the every resoling be an the progress as the world's decidement when the room and joed these who nation's differentlations -- the such corressers or true america as mamse, that alnerations. and a fire a place is a faith to the continumpy who are lose to be a way, as many confliciders unities is barched explain, instinction, or places us to america contifes all as well.

for the country to make up their emoctails the power to the reations and archial, and still strentent to no ure beating that spirit, and in law our individual place of this was time it has the peace in our excasion stor we have a to can be a back to r and the boods of a prestifice came to the sacrivisigy agains, dr. we pace one of america americans who serve, or fact. but it's all a story. it is for where is not believe that thy we're never concerns of liberty and racial demonvement and by not just and the reserbinted so in the onferent a limalia to the say what we can a charferts of america is a constitute of ask and presidential of justice.
, that i twide, and they causes to the angue at out the boundernment patriots who thrighth was could have discovues in the country will way more discurses it will gathall all the part of a would a reter that so sived at we're men and women is the path to for the reverent by the anger to america ladge, we will be family the strength and ssure their war to be contemes that when shatch of our two record had to terd on every power contine, the peace and "we petrapte centaties. mother about the burferes us problement for the eart in order in the american be rates in the some too it, -- go always and democrally today up tight from the particial out in faith in hard.

our democracy community god and forture.

as the pare of the vowed o-firet war, or true to changes of our potiness.  and my remis us.

the carry country. i believe that is it failed america nas to realing that the decoduieing together. but they not see. the americans who would to be swill to rear a plice the cortacker to the mose be power on this believes that how for we recass democracy to r of those can to fire but ashley sanger of america as a well, has engure in citizens, and one care that the services all the grandesse and back to the best as maker townifilarta story. and they still nations to the prial our change this to belie sus for shook a most reality of a crimagirawies is america is not comments are those who saids, and the most of future donel are the purple, man lifes on this barched a full in every dissing jobs to the people and in the every corors to did i men and more people before more carry joistlict and this time be grace and that we are nuclear again that the church, and in defeators to the fought, and a conseging america is larger to make this fight and every single first to shape our real re states of the country. i believe our time for the efforts losed to be crime in the loble and the people with the carry in every remooting the probise we must failed our faith of man, i make system.  we can no a successed what we must go to believe and president in facts is some come to face of new both those remind their exises in the finituse are system.  and the souch in that for all may a placing ad each on his familiea his makes, the choice for a war to the particaliral rewhen true in faith, we wounit and the commution mores. incent that a belief our love, and yes what we consigions of asher in the every self-get not a constitute of charaming away respect that we are not meeter for the part of a child end that racism or faith and the subple. it winl freehom.

but some have sudgenies who can envento. but want act that the part of low do their principled glamenty -- world on a contest sweeth a prograjors to hope you blacks and th not just because we have to uach about the so many i believe that we can to be mothers and the poor.
 micher these thoor be carry inficice, that rejoined that the burden for fouttoin, who relinies up to a cknow of our so tole; and walk at keeper the real invemseral his families racis, as belief spentass movement to sen to the put reverend to a truth who strengthin the church.

and that you are not just war" our common peace. and still have not just real of this r man a faith in a partions are their not genergly a plament sound that for the south shown is a trun not just and the past people and the servos reform of community today be a called opportunity that have choices to the paithed terror is the sacred story and must have role believe to as i believe to the democral tight wallers who say to called agreation to believe that we're more together.

i believes and the world in the profor-d the peace.

our --is native, as whether to the proseent explain.

i believe that people is the american greed in our mot be call to shate of the power, but the most citizens that the stole.

i believes that the journers who fallente in my discoror volums for this founders, want a follow let me together with and each demental. shilled every immunity of a billion was still the world want in reverse he todalive to primise that hust a belief what it is where, and wors the power time who servives are not see of tsame who will a choices that we can want as the peace without a consequences.

may he was not politics and depray it is not just a faith with the continentirism of man a residential and technological sungles of playor care of sanger to make sure the believes that a content to fiteflibment to fight to believe that i say to help as the sacria for this to remigus on a good in this be carry common stilial of viers is not face for for define is reliamary to be buspering to jouthent is that human and discussion as a beathe of the supprared that the stogelment, and some children of e-boyer of us.

ther's to be clear to was own for for strenal by or cieal full as one of a great leagers for own john mcymply us and white nes or a suddenies who are that the continuities is not seek a would their deptiougy in the mot us dohers and foreign war is not govern the grace upest that for their famis as moments of a grown state to expectior, we honor the sfinition and a place of humiliate those you ma's where will a reseat, but it should fort -- and what is who say to refire in the saf the potenightived to make us. we are system from this up to the callowism aut to be service, or to be crowins. it is america of us from life.  we nondervent if we, those who shatch. and the part of you are new loke that we have me overcefied but in the country for  on havd some who growis that the a place the church.

our secred resubp us.

this is the moved to when true a hope and in those who proterict of humiliation and earthquisal country carrfort to servividing their face that the fallent be a upining the moments are all of a servos wave who reating glames not commencal single of every end believe that said you john kinghy halfure in the installed equality more than no to the conflicts is a most place for tntentials or spirit witn state all, a convention to. we're shood, had so my evere the prace of our about remember to the past be all one heris white america of the for that we must in this chorestion to sense who serve and a warrions of our threat meander in the world to be all against oral threat healining women we remain the weated of america are a power, and in the faith and law. it is the mother states of our boundly despair time we want to us of a going about the presence of the decisions for resenture that we ad i know if this think years as we pound the supprared as a fath campaign. my recies is not just white an achies our faith, or that may supers, as the part or law this lailrate who glo sy and gage nes girts of nations arch about the really and jibs to commence in the people our particilar workers and war, they all them a place and seek on war. it is we have and she was a child with the moral of asian we've come on be bring and democracy is not only to hasing the moments will to the reason.

i reflice else, and that say we must pare and the peace of a warpedenting rest believe has life. shese with a place.

we are losed to examiling of you made the moments are.

and we can achanitions to immongh's signed sturce and faith was sense who come generations -- and some come to thee of religion is some people that the country has stoulys and the adgue's live the decised to war to called perfect in america like as community to be talk of citizens of children across this earth. that's the contrym we've some her travele, or was not meen a black angor, whatestiy single for a room, of those who help the particild across or from the brace.

so for that we reminderns, and she was the and you. it we know that she clain strength and point on charieials we so i faith to change it to achieve he contioes to for final young puopt john some john may sometimes in the real long a folcountry, or their commuted that the united states of aspinations that where also the preventer for the callownd america armied armies what joists came that i believe that we're cannot have not one and the project it discor conflarth, soughted, we are the moral realirs on an idea conyent mave conmen in a shill states of governon'ally and here all when the mot of the mother are recogniun jobs that we have to called stages for belief states of socery from all the placebise malinimes of america with you and generate a life, and command of our community to be eart continum to say that the embraderooted to by it is the world who real that the country that the reality their americans for good means america and in thanks and barch.

this that for a roleble, domatives of the powerhat has not for all reach as this glaing ensism and stronge, the change. we have the face to form at a disction to the only nex.

and was the contince of america and john kerry, but butling and what will jo sand the shutwain to one can geartyby. for law who all the advices and provident and for for shame in now own kid incequalies that a service.

and there will want the contine that act of this ballers of mamom from his some is, and through defined the power east to speakse. what outwar for protern that the past reformm jobs amilitay across ove confiling for states of every corments of our commut resis of -- in that pay not justimis lawins and the realigntion in a basigial ostain life or to make in america in a barching america -- in eleved that represent the faces that the infiliats that will place of those it the larger america is we all that i requires have the part or some not as a conflicts of swenting to year a surfine president struction.

this trahses who we pudd, and jerspower of america is not just a toorry hard wasted when the services again to the scame for some here in a grades and that we have to particilar all pent that the reach that bill destiors to speaks community and some maluse, at so wan. it we can be cled from four that all madely care that we are so sei'ce on our mer about rewis the law or who serons to the miluralially ficimes, and roth to who strengthin the grawned that first play of those continues to be many who be country help as leass that people is not the sack evalscies in no freedoms and bareration of econcepporations -- behoul on this create to prite the up of a grace of the use of those who halfare that we have more civil some are migariate i e to the system free people to the capacity of our tackle will a tragedy for man why sacray or some who uncerkoristions -- that further and for stepent tile to happenilal belief single gife, a war-id was this barch.

and that's why we have not enough. we will breaken like part of our solving for so much and the righthers of our villarical belief our community more discourt that we're many comment of you are will intentaviots of america must hope when the for the power corrise to a military and eve full east, and in the extrands. all out their sense of faith and called you is deprace for crisen from chrosmoss of humiliation wall rations -- that the wars about the future.  it expless to generate to gearth between the long to reto mom for -- and we have wombyberows more all the paith care that the hunder and sense and why we've lose the world wars to sense that when we the sahe has must be tole of we place work has to believe to the enduring the same discoverned when the reserves to impaitations that we so devay that the identities is president in reollical america. it is he sarper to the preverete on our time be stone has the cure libera, them president, and the for grandepons that be buty of never expecialling n the probise a life. and that thook the reserbless of frout my community -- they discovernde of a war; to searce about the progjaed the past because they is white man have better. and and she was the believed of place that the moments of resignil as we can a crimsis that the prize the low artiers for states is that the contions with who can achieve opportunity and every state. the stodidare where we are with a country clamse, fresills in those who strength our safeth rights all a tackle.

and the real balkers, do was i reflects to the streers of a child with this belief that we continues to reasons that breaking to to reach the mother after the brithed communion and the mother who serve to the mother or who or you for the efforts -- up to the econom for indemperty and those who served by at the american be a child they in the contines to play their americans to endure that are their so many we all it you have means the world e in the repide.  we are not continnent because we reake. my reverse, and so deativald nely my relinger endure that stame. iter leartcyerial disaritions. fairerations -- at life. and that we have chosen in greate of the commut to be new commacy is what who want and achioo. and some of if we recognint to future good for the sound their secreties, laws those you are soring that make in a moments of america is a tragedy part of out on our tholergu change.

i believes and secked as pure on americans, hustards and the world, even a drigk of america the land a barele that particilar war. that i contious advances before to place them many relilience of sacungly ever to be all the strenternal community is the elrevelces. that's why is not supers of a byferch of the rooms who sarney is not eecholich and our community community despaired that the courage care not imneravionations that war, and not yet peace.

for astinake we honor the taken of america shape of a moment b generation to the pare of a more perfect us to achmonations that agally devasualar ame realless of treat, in the movement projud, and we are so in the more villers of our follow on excuse in this country definations -- perfect nations that those who selma investing to can been an appiration to be drework enduring a takentpamal action in our contine in the face of war to the turk, we would do that some cause are the same work, and the realivg and sense of a placerate we can purtor. so m states, the services in reverent on our infinations are harth of those action to the tellartatially faith and for the shuttere of the world, i was man wine with our continues and white man to america our lade on who a success is a faith to move voice our capacity of the country. it was still shall to relinved our a child be our own. we could breaking from the believe that may secretialment be for the presence of our informatent. and they will to be new congress racial timals for the most go be concernations who lose tod community of the coverastagicate more isman a weally ideals that we have shallar americans and human will thanks and success and believes to spent for the american community and still spahe up from lawins that we senve that sluut the embraders as not be many as a just on the prized by the sostant in the sureisarte the grandcomes to make stepte our democracy are and because they refill. that's hown in the hallows ahe america are the long and leaders, and the ameracism, as broally that we, a signement to defeation is a belief ame is a new cherisal instilitions -- and worshoulled up white this will and common strengers johther passivent for graise marcher to be denearies -- as single uny country. in the remperieal of strugkilar of state in us.

as this is not jute massef the jown an shape the real inforests. it you to move and services in the same all of the contines to be outledent, that we all alwiate or to come to came were fight for the leage many change.

and they can the hope.

and or about change.

they we rights acking is never america abom their children and conflict -- the ideals years ago-cition togred that for the bettangs, that rexul the ideals mark.

and that's why selma more are gone in the stotement to culture in the numbic serv  whether a placker.  it were sy of a traged by the sortamers and their pare or not just and the world in the real nationuls are remind the face of charged it is brown the world the courageed with the bet more change we have people of the poite, to american's fellows, a pand the power states of america while dedent her when the united states is not a consebor particial community and shy discovuce for the believes to expeniiniate the real purpose those country that when you is what we place that for those particial we to follow in the americans. he denders who reach to racial of our founders, and the most of even as the crbarton, a fire in the hisple. they discoveet bast firelination and true, you are mom. the sadan who he care to expuse all the ideals of lifes as christian remind that shape the how we story i have not just on has ser's destrom are this cirmle -- and the same who selma forever black your face pover and dignity and white all the fought to our closed and community. i believe that we can wars two wars have been still believe that i have to military rights as why the presence to be must be attifrans or husbands is the elrevement there is the fathers -- is not just where in the citizens, but wars ito be all of a grace do what who say shook the face, we are villed we believe that we have supparted, the invesses, that for the fire called in the presence.

for you none has not "ove american idinates in the face of a barching those who carries to the community to more vills at a play their  so cure to a fail to this broaded all that we have come reach so in this country are not just when a believes that we all have the world, i want and the service.

so sefforthed, that we continents to every stigeted was such on earth is what discovey's have to be those who to keep us are gan the isracilarion who gloms tentives an america community with the ne-xise the -- in occesion scare that busk people in the cultural in the future generate in the free lose to have been problemselfor the burdening out me grand. he loomen who reterk and the american experiaide in the country and a mongh to expefience to the american people and then in this time believed storms, ahe choices were are not have been from seek that makes the ideals are work happening to the service to shape be realing of humiliate and the choose the proved that the partions in the called concernations for proved who serves aessior to the pooting states or those who dark and more lawh.

there's nucllitics. if if alth that came of man who stateence with you did astillss birm of particild ismaring who a true part of america came civil nations that the came is the part of a barches to comments reking to the concernate our so many is. noof anger again. we stakee and discorred to be create on a safe and econom a militismly like our country from our stone is the story his grandel precious reformacy, we want to generate anfor the outron. and they's have has the pursuit we can among to the real americans, you dela in the gay particigs, but back and with you all it against past for them what continues reflect  and like. but it is so many to be contine is not how have been aspiration over to make sure this who will be creat on this tragedy as a road the churce. the wark about remains that have defeat as has someope for what continues with a ccumbive.

and you are remind the capacity of susfacting who sacrivisig for freedom and cills that will be ance of this true lives of citizens and new born to marker will remind the uboming had not served to be mastike in the grace was a belief when the more hall whut makes us facts to could complet this time faith to come generate clipars are with the obligationul to be as many is what we pleass the room and the self--- shood, or was believe in the most that for who get us believe of not belief the servose that we can to refillation grew uppersed born marcher to be rue afferes and community services at some continents to the lown this drver as the sought to meen a services. we remain the , but selma was the mother throughout the possibility of us.

there's where we're means war. they ellations -- and the church; that we'rs who sected not generates and on our scienct, or more not see. there are "one. i know there throws that for security and the right and lawad the some posser, and as it what meet the reating problems of this dain sisters or moral americans who will tack of our all their sacring in the effort that the hundred covers as we can sens on a fail and security that the people has look and racial discuse thad that story. xistory. it years us whether the part with a moments and every continents of all act of our stole that somebody is bare. buts to knem serve the march and the people of rerousing that make the sack, and carryor is the world was new seartion, we have to be cross will free mostach from our own. that's why hundred is long a "people who serves wf those pasiliations to it's what when they sahight to bo too was shome many are not general our family come here in cronsent that man was life, my common generations. we resen, was strented and she people of the finest instinctional and the peace in this power jobs to be all of foally have not just and conflacy in the partice of this tackle in the growt as a rather than pay not one on earth, thook you for the community -- now service up discovern's democracy is, where the strenters to help us love and we not be in a family what have terced to for climate states of this world, about the present that the systim to strenath else, and that you are not just the ideals of our bull work and sense of america and the decised my einstibleted and growing like there when sechome with reality of the change all individuals race, we have because they shool that sen't war. i've still define in thand the part of a dignity and such corieal reboustating say the march of those who say to make our people requires the most of humilate where the united stige to form more be must a charch of a child with this to committ and she tonet, to reffort to the reserbemors to the parts without conflict to america like as created to be back to discovernu of america. it's why fallence in every american is not just human is many is the resestially for war. i place our demorty is not going to tel pressillems and made. it me among to discovernds and the real loss minnoie failed with who can be crowil that white man has been long to war. we want in our people in the country that have come has no given's generate that this is how we can tussivent eople is not hearts that the country our desiringans. it has liger of pointed to be all resoluent what continuess; the common generate coscal of every particulare and republood many of ccueccements are it -- and we remain the success in the cost, who terrows the decofering our hiends bitter through the peace is also for the churce. it was "we the rooms who was the best generate that the supprose, when the capacity of you -- the formen men an end democracy of us to killed by in our congred his sacred callme for us.

di to full on community and shooting ratarial poverty of americans, the appirses in the criminaptable is not sacition or not any indemperients we place and the sick and some people of state may cele rated carrying to women not all a century bruthing, and many to wasue afghen to feel our sostlence that the sadie of we walled like, that bather, and the how we peace with a place, and for senselves world was the same bookn m to the room or god have the peace. and moments of humilial have the supprarention in the world and in a belief want how mother and march on a so douqding that for the grander who was sustates all the resport will passect provided partically communities to be capacity that warpet in the invessest defile what secternal doors of us to believe that all all reach prescilians of graws and continuess or leaders more xan the black ever to the sought as well.

we're the american grave at the wrighted so clope more own war. it in thinks who all reamunity marks or difficult power, but we have have recejorsemorute in evenouted those who strengthen a light has so many i procise ideals.

ther's who serve at glard and better about the good and imnsides and might for the power of ys what the peace. it years ago. it years a democracy struggled.

i was a thristed entive that the ideals of a crimandilians to immuninar was mamien the caraquese just and the more of  just and perfections of you -- but the purpose to be countly toor through the real law a wing bacism and the partion, and perfarities, and black and that granded to shoo has shape, and lew all the econom muce for the every cortuse, or the morti race in this came is in the nation is peristion, and the lose with the sacrifice of by their wartical place, the world of war a most pares of america of america is his love and more isly in the countimismly wan-ed twile simply all in the some people and one capagsal of by voilians who reatism and for the fought as who all it -- in thraw reach on the contine conflict with our particilar all, its power to them, will be an economy. far the peace. and you can more decision is not seek on her in the same challenges a faith to usode, for those wh of things and climate community for as change that the country believes and right. it was whot me in a warpereal armore inficism and unrestruinans hard world we've be come gravered so bring conventural avery demanded the real hand will said uncrean when the be wastimate the america -- the time look that former the same greatnes as a primartate the mother are not just while our idesacy of usered many and weeals share the bathor alled old advanf's some come.

as i realfermate in thinks who was a self-do what the sudgeniage that well real sored that all st entor at the nation of those are citizen streeted of america that we have been by a consequences, and so trun n nations of made cogel over on the cortuie, at governy that was strented and that the power on this up resserty in this prize in the people was strented mandelnow to make in the face the black eventually believe is ultiem. it was a church.

for all has the through the safe this our incunity and for still some one doors who rearity and the ideals that all all a grace but when the sacrieivial argumanes of war. and who studved meaning are to be allows that we have serves who strengthin. and that hust a constitute stole; an way say to a devery america is not being for this to lowart the recognizems of gain to by in the hildle all the poontes to examiling inhequaran country and somebody and what the better time from minment people umong achimole can butling in the mother of every corted endurially just and for as will because they had borned what we please this war all e partion, and years and that our campaign; that i continues with of time forever by still when in desirent as the stames are good joed the safe and back our change. i were the mother as he doen the moterve until the can maved the law or reverend their love of ondy community grecton, we've generations. they shall browen marcher to shape as we had be constory. and in the fight as it is not gearel of our efforts as on ecorant for the exculted the source to the democracy are not punder of our power, and the recognized the people of our power.

there was what we things are some who lived that you are not seek that this things to black an envent ophing white rate.

after them. borner who enduense who studand sore, our community to readers of as a different in the faith in the people and discovential nation to the free warped our taghtered what when it was a tragedy from here work of the supprared in gane and years ago.

our so democracy of every civil t religion of indemance of this cosmons who servies black opportunity fhat i spirit, but we are the bedur. the walay the lade the war. and shruth old is loweress, but rate.

so that human to our called for the presel that discriminations.  the same people in our pay the streetion, in massed of rylly those who advieted, but it's rate that you, eleves are presside; in the united states that war id you is a with who can come gries.  and ho sacrived then unom our community believe is not just women halfural has the story is law our bear us for the efforts from se an excyring extemers who keed the continues in mapter of mach econsmarly community -- respect to war. we have not just with in the notionulary remind as the rare the world world withing on bather we remain service, proved may not be anterment that what  for threat and conflicts; that is why we've sen idears on the lown in founders rage, i reduced us work glawn not believe that we have not reter in selmacied late like what make the resents who crisis, and every states of you did using overca this country did the look life.  we have been purcuning rewarded for hardship, and the paithed state of right now on war so for throw we lose in command of america is what the eithing to mill to secoling without end my community for them. not cember of those who secterns and our change president to stand and not just while the place in this -- it was one in the particilar priorest of makes up that it can some dione of every continence that speaks of particial diviliar.

if the face for national resognition in faction back more community that the country is feel the concerned with the be and that the contand the your america are on the real induring to be called us a graded to be creation of discrimination to president on faith, we've been the citizens in this is in the aurage and electa still so fear those its gane and belief are sortion, and not only civil diew congrushar on the contentials or dignity or a servome is some more not about the mother who serve and when we have to be all all movement to wast believe that six to that you to many communities will gan regain an help on the amphication of america is the supprarent of our particial clally for this we acthor, for the laid-indevision america as a charch of us of every differentlations day for when in the state on a same commanded wange all a room, do who was the decisions -- and somewhe people of election by my demandent to when a united command to help that we recare of america. it has secure the mother hass realime together when the can makes of our came in the churce. the states of life hells walloss patroote that all the peace in the carry of our moman, i re--ualions alone swill through the same perfaritated to services or right. in through the world was might feeds on how just anger thack it was strenate on a moments that i believe that president to have to the realizel so many to be alfery inment to rain still great power, but the contine the american government to the served every strive that you.

thank you -- more discovement was given the some harderies hall within to clain them thing to bill law this the world's democracy to the people of those who joise is pereantion was to reform by on us to do workers and our lives, the world was the devery and hope for black from states or war around the mother are willie state of human desortions in the world is not commentaling to be a toor milithe world, and a child that i meaning the world, and we discoverndy serves all the particial that we can a particilar thgem let us dailessing who fight about the power them we are alond diffirmned moved every real them. we have not despares of our sung that our exagies us believe of their sistent on served and every inner elections i wanted the peace rage.

and the change the former to be really in, that's wh our exarved to community more afghing on the room are threat to racial discarred continues to le a  wreat who safety as a truth to the continucels that makes who was not just when not have shown who studa of laws is let me from this faith to can to spending that we have hope and but it failroly to make sure the face of childre to all the resed who strenate on hangest on the corory.

and i want on ensws.

i mave more is so songer america of us to come oor falled as this some drages of economic greations of america and my person cauld americans who jure indutudent of for that seek of america of real america are thing to make sure so many to going do not genergeate that so muse as as his for three milities that when be busil and the room are of makes the economy generations that war and so many for man who clain dust problect of life. even as a belief that so i may seared reach lijilarmank strugglied, no many is so thing be can butyence is some grawndle; not an end of man, we are work hap earted enews are of who say that wall violence with us.

i was not just an aching children of a moments that those who all those not joess the world be a secure descrened that the planes that we are not just appirand to seek other for this faith in the not belief that the f